Inv Orig 1124398

          SOLDIER'S
Application for Pension
Act of June 27, 1890, amended May 9, 1900.

         APPLICANT,
Wilkins Abbs
Co. C , 5 Reg't
U.S.C. H. A. Vols.
31 Miss. H.A.
9 La Inf

          FILED BY
Wm. Fletcher & Co.,
Washington, D. C.

Notf. Sept. 6/04 MR.


Also personally appeared L O Lewis                 , residing at Bolivar
, and Chas H Scott                                 , residing at Mayville                 , persons whom
I CERTIFY to be respectable and entitled to credit, and who, being by me duly sworn, say they were present and saw
Wilkins Abbs                                       , the claimant, sign his name (or make his mark) to
the foregoing declaration; that they have every reason to believe from the appearance of said claimant and their
acquaintance with him for     12        and        10        years, respectively, that he is the
identical person he represents himself to be; and that they have no interest in the prosecution of this claim.

                                   1 L O Lewis
                                   2 Chas. H. Scott
                                       (Signatures of two identifying witnesses.)
(Signature by mark MUST be attested by two persons who write.)

State of Mississippi , County of Bolivar , ss:
Sworn to and subscribed before me, this 27 day of August , A. D., 1904 X
and I hereby certify that the contents of the above declaration, &c., were fully made known and explained to
the applicant and witnesses before swearing, including the words
                                                                                    erased, and the words
                                                                                    added
and that I have no interest, direct or indirect, in the prosecution of this claim.
                                     J T Barry
                                         (Official Signature.)
                                     Justice of Peace
                                         (Official Character.)
[L. S.]   My commission expires Jan 4 1904 Jan 4 1908

NOTE.—This should be sworn to before a CLERK OF COURT, NOTARY PUBLIC or JUSTICE OF THE PEACE. If
executed before an officer not using a seal, his official character should be certified to by a Clerk of Court, unless there
is on file in the Pension Bureau a general certificate, covering his present term, and if said certificate has been filed,
he should so state opposite his signature.

STAMPS
LAW DIVISION AUG 31 1904
SECTION U SEP 7 1904
RECORD DIVISION AUG 31 1904