GENERAL AFFIDAVIT.

State of S. C. , County of Beaufort ss:

In the matter of Paul Barnwell late of Co H
33rd Reg't U.S.C. Inf. Vols

Personally came before me, a Notary Public in and for the aforesaid County,
Notary, Justice, or Clerk of Court.
and State, Elizabeth H. Hume , aged 75 years,
Name of witness.
and John Gardner , aged 59 years,
citizens of the town of Port Royal
Post-Office address Give Street and No. if in city or town.
County of Beaufort , State of S. C.

well known to me to be reputable and entitled to credit, and who, being duly sworn, declare in relation
to aforesaid case as follows: We are well acquainted with
Paul Barnwell the claimant, have known
NOTE.—Affiants should state how they gain a knowledge of the facts to which they testify.
him and lived near him more than
thirty years. He has suffered from rheu-
matism all the time, particularly in
his right arm, which makes him unable
to perform any manual labor. He is
a farmer, and has no other means of
support, but can not work his land.
His friends help him plow and make
his crop, which amounts to but little.
Can not give dates of times when he has
been most disabled, but know that he
is always laid up in cold or stormy weather.
Do not think his rheumatism was
caused by vicious habits, have never known
him to be intoxicated: he is and has
been always quiet and peacable, a good
neighbor and well thought in the community.

The above affidavit was written in our presence
by C. E. Crofut at Beaufort S. C. June 19th 1899 from
oral statements made by ourselves not aided or prompted
by any written or printed statement or recital prepared or
dictated by any other person and is from our personal
knowledge and acquaintance of many years
We further declare that we have no interest in said claim and are not
concerned in its prosecution.

1 Elizabeth Crofut                   }              Elizabeth H Hume
2 Marguerite Crofut                  }              John Gardner
                                                    Signature of Affiants.

NOTE.—In the execution of evidence, two persons who can write must attest the signature by signing their names
opposite.

STAMPS:
U. S. PENSION OFFICE JUN 22 1899