                                        3-155.

                      SURGEON'S CERTIFICATE.

Insert character      Increase             Pension Claim No. 995, 901
and number of
claim.
Name of claim-        Paul Barnwell                  Address  }  Beaufort            P. O.
ant.                                                 of       }
                      Company F, 33 Reg't U.S.C. Inf Board.   }  S C                 State.
Claimant's post-      Beaufort S.C.                          Nov, 21             , 190 6
office address.                                                  [Date of examination.]
                      Rheumatism deafness general debility and
Names of disa-        age
bilities.
                                        He receives a pension of  Six   dollars per month.

Here give the   He makes the following statement in regard to the origin of his disabilities and date when first
claimant's
statement (as   discovered by him: That he suffers with the above men-
briefly and as
compactly as    tioned disabilities and that he does not re-
possible) in re-
gard to the date
of origin and   member the date of contraction.
cause of his dis-
abilities and                                 63
the manner in
which they
affect him.     Birthplace, Beaufort Co S.C.; age, 68 years; height, 5.3 ;
                weight, 135 pounds; complexion, black ; color of eyes, black ;
                color of hair, gray ; occupation, farmer ; permanent marks and
                scars other than those described below,

                We hereby certify that upon examination we find the following objective conditions:
                Pulse rate, 70, 74, 78 ; respiration, 18, 18, 18 ; temperature, normal ;
                            [Sitting, standing, after exercise.]      [Sitting, standing, after exercise.]

Here give a full   Auscultation percussion palpation and in-
description of
the disabilities,  spection reveal no disease of lungs
in accordance
with Book of       Upon examination of the heart there is
instructions,
and make a         intermission and reduplication after the
separate para-
graph for each     second sound there are no evidence of valvu-
disability.
                   lar disease there is a history of dyspnoea
                   and palpitation but no oedema or cyanosis
Facts within the   He complains of rheumatism affecting the
knowledge of
the Board, or      hip shoulders and legs there is lameness
any member
thereof, rela-     stiffness wasting of muscles in gluteal re-
tive to the
cause of any       gion crepitus upon enforced motion of
disability
found should       shoulders and limitation of motion e-
be stated.
                   qual to 1/4 there is no contraction of muscles or
                   tendons joints not mentioned are not af-
                   fected
Whenever a disa-   He complains of deafness in both ears
bility is shown
or is believed     with one ear stopped the other being op-
to be due to or
aggravated by      en he could hear ordinary conversa-
vicious habits
the opinion of     tion at or beyond 3 feet but not at six feet
the board must
be stated.         He suffers with general and senile debility
When not due
to such habits     due to age and disabilities mentioned a-
this fact must
be stated.         bove
                   Urinalysis is as follows color yellow re-
                   action acid specific gravity 1042 no albu-
                   men or sugar
                   We find that the aggregate permanent dis-
                   ability for earning a support by manual
                   labor is due to affection of heart rheumatism
                   deafness general and senile debility not
                   due to vicious habits and warrants a rate
                   of twelve dollars a month.
When rates are
recommended
solely on sub-
jective evi-
dence the
strongest rea-
sons must be
given therefor.


                H M Stuart, Pres.  N J Kennedy, Sec'y.  Leml Ruffner, Treas.
                6-552 a

Single surgeons will use this blank, changing "we" to read "I."
Marginal entries must never be made.