Also personally appeared Richard Heywood, residing at
Beaufort S C, and Marcus Groh
residing at Beaufort S C., persons whom I certify to be respectable and entitled to credit, and
who being by me duly sworn, say that they were present and saw Paul Barnwell
                                                                                          (Name of Claimant.)
claimant, sign his name (or make his mark) to the foregoing declaration; that they have every reason to
believe from the appearance of said claimant and their acquaintance with him of 20 years and
20 years, respectively, that he is the identical person he represents himself to be; and that
they have no interest in the prosecution of this claim.
  John Gifford                             Richard ^his x mark^ Heywood
  M. B. Rivers                             Marcus ^his x mark^ Groh
(If affiants sign by mark, two persons who write sign here.)                   (Signatures of Affiants.)

  Sworn to and subscribed before me this 13 day of Oct, A. D. 1906, and
I do hereby certify that the contents of the above declaration, etc., were fully made known and explained to
the applicant and witnesses before swearing, including the words
                                                                                                      erased, and the words
  Ten dollar Contract, (conditional)
added; and that I have no interest, direct or indirect, in the prosecution of this claim.
                                            M B Rivers
[L. S.]                                                     (Official Signature.)
                                            Notary Public
                                                            (Official Character.)
                            Com. Expires at the pleasure
                            Gov S.C.

To be executed before a Court of Record or some officer thereof having custody of its seal, a
Notary Public, or Justice of the Peace, whose official signature shall be verified by his official seal, and
in case he has none, his signature and official character shall be certified by a Clerk of a Court of
Record or a City or County Clerk, unless such certificate is already on file in Pension Office, when such
fact should be stated.


Soldier's Application
FOR INCREASE
act of
Under the Acts of June 27, 1890, and May 9, 1900.

Paul Barnwell, Applicant.
Co. A 33 Reg't
U S C Inf Vols.
Pension Certificate No. 995901


F I. S. C. Certfy


FILED BY


Printed and for sale by John F. Sheiry, Claim Blank Printer,
Washington, D. C.


STAMPS
Declaration and power of attorney valid. S. A. Cuddy, Chief, Law Division. per M E H - 10 19 - 06
U. S. Pension Office OCT 19 1906
LAW
G. W. CORDIN PENSION ATTORNEY NAT'L SOLDIERS HOME VA
SOUTH DIV OCT 1906 RECE
M. B. RIVERS NOTARY PUBLIC SOUTH CAROLINA