DECLARATION FOR INVALID PENSION.
ACT OF JUNE 27, 1890.

To be executed before any officer authorized to administer oaths for general purposes in the State, city, or county where said officer
resides. If such officer has a seal and uses it upon such paper, no certificate of a county clerk or prothonotary or clerk of a court shall be
necessary; but when no seal is used by the officer before whom the declaration is executed, then a clerk of a court of record or a county or city
clerk shall affix his official seal thereto, and shall certify to the signature and official character of said officer.

State of S. C., County of Beaufort, ss:
On this 22 day of January, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and ninety-7
personally appeared before me, a Pension Notary
within and for the county and State aforesaid Paul Barnwell
aged 56 years, a resident of the island of Port Royal, county of
Beaufort, State of S. C., who, being duly sworn according to law,
declares that he is the identical Paul Barnwell who was enrolled on
the 19 day of October, 1862, in Co H 33rd Reg't
Here state rank, company, and regiment in military service, or
U.S.C. Inf. Vols.
vessel, if in the Navy.

in the service of the United States in the War of the Rebellion, and served at least ninety days, and was
honorably discharged at Charleston S. C., on the 31
day of January, 1866. That he is now unable to earn a support
by manual labor by reason of pain in the chest rheumatic
Here name the diseases or injuries from which disabled.
pains in shoulders and back, failure
of eyesight and deafness. Can not use
right arm at all, on account of rheumatism,
That said disabilities are not due to his vicious habits, and are to the best of his knowledge and belief of a
permanent character; that he has previously applied for pension under application No. 1046,279 ;
which was refused: disabilities have greatly increased,
that he is a pensioner under Certificate No. since former application.
If a pensioner, the certificate number only need be given; if not, give the number of the former application, if one was made.
That he has not been employed in the Military or Naval service otherwise than as stated above.

That he makes this declaration for the purpose of being placed on the pension-roll of the United States under
the provisions of the Act of June 27, 1890.

He hereby appoints, with full power of substitution and revocation, E. A. Crofut
of Beaufort Beaufort Co
State of S. C., his true and lawful attorney to prosecute his claim, and to receive
therefor a fee of ten dollars; that his post-office address is Port Royal
county of Beaufort, State of S. C.

Paul Barnwell
Claimant's signature.

Attest: 1. John Gardner
2. Josh Narnells
If affiants make mark, two witnesses who write sign here.

STAMPS
ATTY FILED.