DECLARATION FOR INVALID PENSION.

ACT OF JUNE 27, 1890.

To be executed before any officer authorized to administer oaths for general purposes in the State, city, or county where said officer
resides. If such officer has a seal and uses it upon such paper, no certificate of a county clerk or prothonotary or clerk of a court shall be
necessary; but when no seal is used by the officer before whom the declaration is executed, then a clerk of a court of record or a county or city
clerk shall affix his official seal thereto, and shall certify to the signature and official character of said officer.

State of So Ca, County of Beaufort, ss:
On this 4th day of August, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and ninety One
personally appeared before me, a Pension Notary
within and for the county and State aforesaid Paul Barnwell
aged 50 years, a resident of the island of Port Royal, county of
Beaufort, State of So Ca, who, being duly sworn according to law,
declares that he is the identical Paul Barnwell who was enrolled on or
about the 19th day of October, 18 62, in Co F 33d Reg't
                                                                                      Here state rank, company, and regiment in military service, or
U.S.C.T. as Corporal
vessel, if in the Navy.

in the service of the United States in the War of the Rebellion, and served at least ninety days, and was
honorably discharged at Charleston So Ca, on the 31st
day of January, 18 66. That he is now unable to earn a support
by manual labor by reason of deafness
                                                                 Here name the diseases or injuries from which disabled.



That said disabilities are not due to his vicious habits, and are to the best of his knowledge and belief of a

permanent character; that he has not heretofore applied for pension under application No.                                          ;

that he is a pensioner under Certificate No.
                      If a pensioner, the certificate number only need be given; if not, give the number of the former application, if one was made.

That he makes this declaration for the purpose of being placed on the pension-roll of the United States under

the provisions of the Act of June 27, 1890.

He hereby appoints, with full power of substitution and revocation, E. A. Crofut
of Beaufort Beaufort Co
State of So Ca his true and lawful attorney to prosecute his claim, and to receive
therefor a fee of ten dollars; that his post-office address is Port Royal
county of Beaufort, State of So Ca
                                                                                    Paul Barnwell
                                                                                                      Claimant's signature.

Attest: Frederick Brown
         1
         James Devlin
         2
                                 Two witnesses who can write sign here.

STAMPS
U.S. PENSION OFFICE AUG 6 1891