                                  3—111.

     Attention is invited to the outlines of the human skeleton and figure upon the back of this certificate, and they should be used
whenever it is possible to indicate precisely the location of a disease or injury, the entrance and exit of a missile, an amputation, etc.
     The absence of a member from a session of a board and the reason therefor, if known, and the name of the absentee, must be indorsed
upon each certificate.

Insert character        Original                                            Pension Claim No. 1046279
and number of           [State above whether for original, increase, or restoration.]
claim.                  Paul Barnwell                                                     , Rank, Private
Name and rank           Company I, 33 Reg't U S C Vol Inf                   Beaufort S. C.                        State,
of claimant.                                                                [Post-office address of the Board.]
Claimant's post-        Port Royal                                          March 23                              , 1898
office address.                                                             [Date of examination.]

      We hereby certify that in compliance with the requirements of the law we have carefully
examined this applicant, who states that he is suffering from the following disability, incurred

Cause of disa-    in the service, viz: Defective sight & hearing pain in chest
bility.           and rheumatism

If a pensioner, fill
in the amount;    and that he receives a pension of                                            dollars per month.
if not, erase the
whole line.       He makes the following statement upon which he bases his claim for Original
                                                                                     [Original, increase, restoration, &c.]
Here give the     That he suffers with defective sight
claimant's        & hearing pain in chest & rheumatism
statement
as briefly and
as compactly
as possible.



                  Upon examination we find the following objective conditions: Pulse rate, 80 ;
respiration, normal ; temperature, normal ; height, 5 feet 3 inches; weight, 126
pounds; age, 54 years. Auscultation & percussion reveal
                  no disease of Lungs no rating, upon examina-
Here give a full  tion of the Heart the rythm is regular there
description of    is no evidence of valvular disease nor is
the disabilities,
in accordance     there hypertrophy dyspnoea oedema or cyanosis
with Book of      and no rating. Arcus Senilis is well marked
Instructions.
                  & there is considerable thickening & discolor-
                  ation of cornea the pupils respond to light
                  test vision in each eye separately is equal
                  to 20/20. There is no evidence of disease of
The actual or     deeper structures & no rating. There is no
probable origin   evidence of deafness as he was able with
of every exist-
ing disability    either Ear to hear ordinary conversation at
must be fully     or beyond six feet no rating. He suffers
set forth.
Whenever a disa-  with rheumatism affecting back & legs there
bility is shown,  is wasting of the muscular tissue lameness
or is believed
to be due to or   stiffness & thickening of fibrous structures
aggravated by     & limitation of motion equal to 1/4 N L
vicious habits
the opinion of    rate 8/18. There is no evidence of disease
the board must    of chest no rating. There is no evidence
be stated.
When not due      of vicious habits Except as above No disability
to such habits    is found to exist
this fact must
be stated.

Each disability
must be rated
separately, the
act of Congress
of March 2,
1895, requiring
"that the re-
port of such
examining
surgeons shall
specifically
state the rat-
ing which, in
their judg-
ment, the ap-
plicant is en-
titled to."

                  W H Ellis, Pres.  U. J. Kennedy, Sec'y.  A. P. Prioleau, Treas.

   N. B.—Always forward a certificate of examination whether a disability is found to exist or not. When
sufficient space is not afforded for the necessary statements, an additional blank certificate should be
attached and properly numbered. The backs of certificates must not be used except as it may be necessary
to use the diagrams. Marginal entries must never be made.                                                  6—552