SOUTHERN DIVISION.                                                                    Co. D Ex'r.      Cert 995, 901
O. Inv No. 1046,279.
Paul Barnwell -                                 Department of the Interior,
Co H 33 Reg't U.S.C. Infy.
Sir:                                                          BUREAU OF PENSIONS,
                                                        Washington, D. C., Nov. 28", 1899.

In your above-entitled claim for pension you are required to answer the following questions in the
blank spaces prepared for that purpose, and return the same to this Bureau at your earliest convenience.
                                           Very respectfully,
                                                            H Clay Evans
                                                                  Acting Commissioner.

Paul Barnwell -
Port Royal -
Beaufort, Co., S. C.

First. What is your actual residence at the present time, and what is the nearest post-office?
Answer. Old Fort Plantation - Port Royal P.O.

Second. Where did you live from discharge until you moved to your
present place of residence, and what were the dates of the various changes? If in a city, state name of
street and number of house.
Answer. I have always lived on Old Fort
Plantation, formerly called "Smiths".
I was born here.

Third. What post-office was nearest to each of your several places of residence?
Answer. When I enlisted Beaufort had the
only P. O. Since then the Port Royal office has
been started

Fourth. What has been your occupation since discharge?
Answer. Always a farmer.

Fifth. Have you ever been known by any name other than that given in your application for pen-
sion? If so, state it in full.
Answer. None.

Sixth. Were you in the military or naval service under a name different from that by which you are
now known? If so, state what it was.
Answer. No. I enlisted as Paul Barnwell
and have never been known by other name

Date of reply, December 11th, 1899
                                                         Paul Barnwell
                                                               (Claimant's signature.)

0-2

STAMPS
[SOUTH DIV. DEC 14 1899 RECEIVED.]
[U.S. PENSION OFFICE DEC 16 1899]