ACT APPROVED MAY 11, 1912.

That any person who served ninety days or more in the military or naval service of the United States during the late Civil War,
who has been honorably discharged therefrom, and who has reached the age of sixty-two years or over, shall, upon making proof of
such facts, according to such rules and regulations as the Secretary of the Interior may provide, be placed upon the pension roll and
be entitled to receive a pension as follows: In case such person has reached the age of sixty-two years and served ninety days, thirteen
dollars per month; six months, thirteen dollars and fifty cents per month; one year, fourteen dollars per month; one and a half
years, fourteen dollars and fifty cents per month; two years, fifteen dollars per month; two and a half years, fifteen dollars and fifty
cents per month; three years or over, sixteen dollars per month. In case such person has reached the age of sixty-six years and
served ninety days, fifteen dollars per month; six months, fifteen dollars and fifty cents per month; one year, sixteen dollars per
month; one and a half years, sixteen dollars and fifty cents per month; two years, seventeen dollars per month; two and a half
years, eighteen dollars per month; three years or over, nineteen dollars per month. In case such person has reached the age of seventy
years and served ninety days, eighteen dollars per month; six months, nineteen dollars per month; one year, twenty dollars per
month; one and a half years, twenty-one dollars and fifty cents per month; two years, twenty-three dollars per month; two and a
half years, twenty-four dollars per month; three years or over, twenty-five dollars per month. In case such person has reached the
age of seventy-five years and served ninety days, twenty-one dollars per month; six months, twenty-two dollars and fifty cents per
month; one year, twenty-four dollars per month; one and a half years, twenty-seven dollars per month; two years or over, thirty
dollars per month. That any person who served in the military or naval service of the United States during the Civil War and
received an honorable discharge, and who was wounded in battle or in line of duty and is now unfit for manual labor by reason
thereof, or who from disease or other causes incurred in line of duty resulting in his disability is now unable to perform manual labor,
shall be paid the maximum pension under this Act, to wit, thirty dollars per month, without regard to length of service or age.
That any person who has served sixty days or more in the military or naval service of the United States in the War with
Mexico and has been honorably discharged therefrom, shall, upon making like proof of such service, be entitled to receive a
pension of thirty dollars per month.
All of the aforesaid pensions shall commence from the date of filing of the applications in the Bureau of Pensions after the
passage and approval of this Act: Provided, That pensioners who are sixty-two years of age or over, and who are now receiving
pensions under existing laws, or whose claims are pending in the Bureau of Pensions, may, by application to the Commissioner of
Pensions, in such form as he may prescribe, receive the benefits of this Act; and nothing herein contained shall prevent any pensioner
or person entitled to a pension from prosecuting his claim and receiving a pension under any other general or special Act: Provided,
That no person shall receive a pension under any other law at the same time or for the same period that he is receiving a pension
under the provisions of this Act: Provided further, That no person who is now receiving or shall hereafter receive a greater
pension, under any other general or special law, than he would be entitled to receive under the provisions herein shall be pen-
sionable under this Act.
SEC. 2. That rank in the service shall not be considered in applications filed hereunder.
SEC. 3. That no pension attorney, claim agent, or other person shall be entitled to receive any compensation for services
rendered in presenting any claim to the Bureau of Pensions, or securing any pension, under this Act, except in applications for
original pension by persons who have not heretofore received a pension.
SEC. 4. That the benefits of this Act shall include any person who served during the late Civil War, or in the War with
Mexico, and who is now or may hereafter become entitled to pension under the Acts of June twenty-seventh, eighteen hundred
and ninety, February fifteenth, eighteen hundred and ninety-five, and the joint resolutions of July first, nineteen hundred and
two, and June twenty-eighth, nineteen hundred and six, or the Acts of January twenty-ninth, eighteen hundred and eighty-seven,
March third, eighteen hundred and ninety-one, and February seventeenth, eighteen hundred and ninety-seven.
SEC. 5. That it shall be the duty of the Commissioner of Pensions, as each application for pension under this Act is adjudi-
cated, to cause to be kept a record showing the name and length of service of each claimant, the monthly rate of payment granted
to or received by him, and the county and State of his residence; and shall at the end of the fiscal year nineteen hundred and
fourteen tabulate the record so obtained by States and counties, and shall furnish certified copies thereof upon demand and the
payment of such fee therefor as is provided by law for certified copies of records in the executive departments.

Act of May 11, 1912.
CLAIM FOR PENSION.

Certificate No. 995901
Name Paul Barnwell
Service Army,
Civil War.

INSTRUCTIONS.
This form may be used for original pension or in-
crease of pension.
Declaration and testimony in support of same to be exe-
cuted before some officer of a court of record having custody
of its seal, a notary public, justice of the peace, or other
officer authorized to administer oaths for general purposes.
If such officer is not required by law to have and use a
seal, his official character, signature and term of office
must be certified by the proper State, county, or city
officer under his official seal, unless such certificate has
been filed in the Bureau of Pensions for general reference.

FILED BY
Wm. FLETCHER & CO.,
605 F Street, Northwest,
Washington, D. C.

STAMPS
U. S. PENSION OFFICE JUL 18 1912
AUG 2 1912 DIVISION
PENSION OFFICE U. S.