                                           3-155.
                                         Old No. 3-111.
                             SURGEON'S CERTIFICATE.

Insert character   Increase                        Pension Claim No. 598425
and number of
claim.
                   Isaiah Brown                                     { Beaufort      P.O.
Name of claim-                                           Address    {
ant.                                                        of      { S.C.        State.
                   Company I 33 Reg't USCV Inf            Board.    {
Claimant's post-   Beaufort    S.C.                                  Dec 30     , 1903
office address.                                                      [Date of examination.]

                   Injury of left thigh & disease of heart weakness
Names of disa-     of back Pains in both knees impaired vision weak
bilities.
                   Bladder Rheumatism He receives a pension of Eight        dollars per month.

Here give the      He makes the following statement in regard to the origin of his disabilities and date when first
claimant's
statement (as      discovered by him: That he suffers with the above mentioned
briefly and as
compactly as       disabilities & that he does not remember the dates
possible) in re-
gard to the date   of contraction
of origin and
cause of his dis-
abilities and
the manner in
which they
affect him.                                                                                                Single surgeons will use this blank, changing "we" to read "I."

          Birthplace, Beaufort Co S.C.; age, 59 years; height, 5 / 4 ;
          weight, 135 pounds; complexion, Black ; color of eyes, Black ;
          color of hair, Gray ; occupation, Farmer ; permanent marks and
          scars other than those described below,

          We hereby certify that upon examination we find the following objective conditions:
          Pulse rate, 68 78 84 ; respiration, 18 19 20 ; temperature, Normal
                      [Sitting, standing, after exercise.]      [Sitting, standing, after exercise.]

Here give a full   Auscultation percussion palpation & inspection
description of     reveal no disease of lungs
the disabilities,
in accordance          Upon Examination of the heart there is a
with Book of
instructions,      murmur heard best between the 3rd & 4th ribs
and make a
separate para-     on the right side & heard also at apex there is
graph for each
disability.        a history of dyspnoea & palpitation there is no
                   increased area of dulness & the apex beat is not
Facts within the   displaced there is no oedema or cyanosis
knowledge of
the Board, or          He sustained a fracture of the left thigh
any member
thereof, rela-     about midway between the great trochanter & knee
tive to the
cause of any       joint there is considerable lateral curvature
disability
found should       of the limb accompanied by 1 1/2 inches of short
be stated.         ening
                       He complains of rheumatism affecting
                   the shoulders & hips & knees there is lameness
Whenever a disa-   stiffness thickening of fibrous structures wasting
bility is shown    of muscles in gluteal region & enlargement of
or is believed
to be due to or    articulating bones, weakness of back pains in knees
aggravated by
vicious habits     are due rheumatism there is no contraction of
the opinion of
the board must     muscles or tendons joints not mentioned are
be stated.
When not due       not affected
to such habits
this fact must         He complains of incontinence of urine this
be stated.         in our oppenion is due to enlargement of                        Marginal entries must never be made.
                   the prostate gland
                       upon a examination of the eyes there is
                   no evidence of disease of deeper structures of
                   the eyes test shows vision in each eye
                   separately equal to 18/20
                       We find that the aggregate permanent
                   disability for earning a support by manual
When rates are     labor is due to fracture thigh rheumatism
recommended
solely on sub-     affection of the heart & enlarged prostate gland
jective evi-
dence the          Not due to vicious habits & warrants a rate
strongest rea-
sons must be       of ten dollars a month
given therefor.

                    H M Stuart Pres. U J Henney Sec'y. Lou Tufft Treas.