                               Claimants
                       NEIGHBORS AFFIDAVIT.

Please read these in-  State of South Carolina County of Beaufort ss:
structions before filling
up your affidavit.     In the matter of the claim of Rebecca Brown widow Fred'k Brown late a

                                  in Company I of the 33rd Regiment of U.S.C. T. Vols.

                       Rebecca Brown aged 50 years, a resident of Port Royal S.C.

NEIGHBORS :- Please                          aged          years, a resident of
state when (the year
at least) you first be-
came acquainted with   whose Post Office address is Port Royal S.C. % J. F. Smith
claimant ; if before his
enlistment, was he
sound and free from    who being duly sworn, declare in relation to aforesaid case as follows: That she is
his present disability.
In what year you first the widow of the soldier Frederick Brown
saw him, after his dis-
charge ; what disability and claimant in the above stated
then affected him and
what his physical con-   claim.
dition was. To what      That she has no property ex-
extent, 1/4, 1/3, 1/2, 3/4,
did his disability then  cept the five acres of land
prevent him doing
manual labor, or inter-  left by her husband which
fere with his usual oc-
cupation ; what was his  is valued at Eight ($8.00) Dollars
occupation when you
first knew him ; and     per acre. That she was not aided by
what it is now. In
what respect has his     any person written or printed statement
disability increased
with his age since his   but made this orally to and before I. R. Reed
discharge ; if it has
been continuous, and     at Beaufort, S.C. who wrote on above date below.
what is now his physi-
cal and mental con-
dition, and what ca-
pacity, 1/4, 1/3, 1/2, 3/4,
has he now for fol-
lowing his usual oc-
cupation. If his disease
has been aggravated
by intemperate or other
bad habits, so state.

State your source of   She know these facts from her own personal knowledge
information concerning
Claimant.

                       She have no interest whatever in his claim, and is the ~~not related to claimant.~~

Two Witnesses                 M. F. Greaves
when signed                   J F Smith
by mark:                      Rebecca X Brown

NOTE.                  Sworn to and subscribed before me this 14th day of August 1896
This should be sworn
to before a Clerk of          at Beaufort in the County of Beaufort
Court Notary Public,
or Justice of the Peace. State of S. C. , I certify that I am disinterested, that the affiant is to me well known, and is
If before a Justice or
Notary, then Clerk of  respectable, and worthy of all credit as a witness, and that the contents of the above affidavit were made known to him
County Court must add
his certificate of char- before execution.
acter hereon and not
on a separate slip of                                  Isaiah R. Reed
paper unless said                                      Not. Pub.
Justice or Notary al-                                  S.C.
ready has a certificate
on file in the Pension
Office showing official
capacity. If such be
the case, he must say
so in his Jurat.

                                 2

STAMPS
U.S. PENSION OFFICE AUG 22 1896