CLAIMANT'S AFFIDAVIT.

State of South Carolina , County of Beaufort , ss:
     In the matter of Pension Claim No. 810 289 of Isaiah Brown
late of Co. D. of the 33rd Reg't of United States Colored Troops Vols.
     On this first day of June , A. D. 1897, personally appeared before me
a Notary Public in and for the aforesaid County duly authorized to administer
oaths Isaiah Brown aged 57 years, a resident of Coosaw
in the County of Beaufort and State of S. C.,
well known to me to be reputable and entitled to credit, and who, being duly sworn, declares in relation to
aforesaid case as follows :
     That he enlisted in Co. D. of the 33rd Reg't of U. S. C. T. Vols.
on the first day of November 1862 at Port Royal, S. C. and
was honorably discharged at Charleston S. C. on the thirty first
day of January 1866,

                      (If any other service state Co. and Reg't together with date of enlistment and discharge.)

and that he has not been employed in the Military or Naval service of the United States since the
     31st day of January , 1866,
     The disability on which he claims pension was incurred as follows, viz.:
                                                            On the Retreat
                                (Here state when, where and how all of your disabilities were incurred.)
             from Morris Island, he strained his
             Back & Loins in lifting & carrying
             ammunition, in boxes, across a long &
             muddy marsh lands for a long distance;
and that, to this day he has not recovered from the same,

     His name in full is Isaiah Brown and his P. O. address
     Coosaw County of Beaufort State of South Carolina

Stephen Duane                                     his
                                          Isaiah   X   Brown
E. G. Garner                                      mark
                                              (Signature of Affiant)
(If Affiant signs by mark two witnesses who write sign here.)

STAMPS
NOTARY PUBLIC SOUTH CAROLINA