ALSO personally appeared James Haynes, residing
in Beaufort. S.C., and Ben Smith
residing in Beaufort S.C., persons whom
I certify to be respectable and entitled to credit, and who, being by me duly sworn, say that they were present and saw
Isaiah Brown, the claimant, sign his name, (or make his mark) to the
foregoing declaration; that they have every reason to believe, from the appearance of the claimant and their acquaintance with
him of ...........years and...........years, respectively, that he is the identical person he represents himself to be; and
that they have no interest in the prosecution of this claim.
James Haynes
Ben Smith
Signatures of witnesses

SUBSCRIBED and sworn to before me this 15 th day of Nov., A. D. 190 9,
and I hereby certify that the contents of the above declaration, etc., were fully made
known and explained to the applicant and witnesses before swearing, including the words
.......................................................................................................erased, and the
words.................................................................................................... added:
and that I have no interest, direct or indirect, in the prosecution of this claim.
H S Washington
Official signature
Notary Public
Official character

AN ACT
GRANTING PENSIONS TO CERTAIN ENLISTED MEN, SOLDIERS, AND OFFICERS WHO SERVED IN THE CIVIL WAR
AND THE WAR WITH MEXICO.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled:
That any person who served ninety days or more in the military or naval service of the United States during the late
civil war, or sixty days in the war with Mexico, and who has been honorably discharged therefrom, and who has reached
the age of sixty-two years or over, shall, upon making proof of such facts according to such rules and regulations as the Sec-
retary of the Interior may provide, be placed upon the pension roll, and be entitled to receive a pension as follows: In case
such person has reached the age of sixty-two years, twelve dollars per month; seventy years, fifteen dollars per month;
seventy-five years or over, twenty dollars per month; and such pension shall commence from the date of the filing of the
application in the Bureau of Pensions after the passage and approval of this Act: Provided, that pensioners who are sixty-two
years of age or over, and who are now receiving pensions under existing laws, or whose claims are pending in the Bureau of
Pensions, may, by application to the Commissioner of Pensions, in such form as he may prescribe, receive the benefits of this Act:
and nothing herein contained shall prevent any pensioner or person entitled to a pension from prosecuting his claim and receiving
a pension under any other general or special act: Provided, that no person shall receive a pension under any other law at the
same time or for the same period that he is receiving a pension under the provisions of this Act: Provided, further, that no person
who is now receiving or shall hereafter receive a greater pension under any other general or special law than he would be entitled
to receive under the provisions herein shall be pensionable under this Act.
Sec. 2. That rank in the service shall not be considered in applications filed hereunder.
Sec. 3. That no pension attorney, claim agent, or other person shall be entitled to receive any compensation for services
rendered in presenting any claim to the Bureau of Pensions, or securing any pension under this Act.
APPROVED: February 6, 1907.

Act of February 6, 1907.
Age
CLAIM FOR PENSION
Certificate No. 598.425
Name Isaiah Brown
Service Co "H" 33 USCT
Reg US Vol.
Civil War

Isaiah Brown
Box 186 Beaufort
S C

For sale by J. H. Smith, Washington, D. C.

STAMPS
H. S. WASHINGTON NOTARY PUBLIC SOUTH CAROLINA
Declaration valid.
S. A. Cuddy, Chief, Law Division, per A H D
SOUTH DIV RECEIVED NOV 27
RECORD DIV FILED BY NOV 24 1909
LAW DIV RECEIVED 23 1909 H W