Declaration for Increase of an Invalid Pension
(GENERAL LAW.)

State of South Carolina , County of Beaufort , ss:
On this 11th day of March , A. D., one thousand nine hundred and 18
personally appeared before me a Notary Public
within and for the County and State aforesaid Isaiah Brown , aged 75
years, who, being duly sworn according to law, declares that he is a pensioner of the United States by certificate
number , and duly enrolled at the Washington, D. C.
Pension Agency, at the rate of $30.00 dollars per month, by reason of disability from
Advanced age and general disabilities
(Here name the disability for which pension was granted.)
incurred in the military (or naval) service of the United States, while serving as a private
(Here state rank.)
Co. D. , 33rd. Reg't U. S. C. Inf. Vol.
His present physical condition is such that he believes himself entitled to receive an increase of pension.
He further declares that the above named disabilities have resulted in Severe pains in the
backs and legs

X. Application is also hereby made for increase of pension on account of a new disability, to wit: While a member of

at or near Fort Sumter in the State of South Carolina on or
about the month of , 1863, he incurred or contracted A severe cold
(Here name the new disability for

which pension is claimed; state where, when and how contracted, and if treated in hospitals, give names of hospitals and dates of treatment.)

That he was not in the U. S. Military or Naval service before 1862
or after 1866
Claimant desires to be ordered before the board of U. S. Examining Surgeons at Beaufort
S. C. That he hereby appoints, with full power of substitution and revocation,
Wm. FLETCHER & CO., of Washington, D. C.
his true and lawful attorneys to prosecute his claim.
His Post-Office address is Grays Hill, S. C.
(Give Street and Number, if in a City.)
1 Robert Goodwin
2 J. R. Washington
(Two witnesses who can write, must sign here.)               his
                                                      Isaiah x Brown
                                                      (Signature of Claimant.)

STAMPS
U. S. PENSION OFFICE.
H
MAY 3 1918