3-155.
Old No. 3-111.

SURGEON'S CERTIFICATE

Insert character
and number of
claim.             Increase                            Pension Claim No. 5984 25
Name of claim-     Isaiah Brown                        Address { Beaufort              P. O.
ant.               Company D. 33 Reg't U S C V Inf     of      { S.C.                  State.
                                                       Board.  { Feb. 18             , 1903
Claimant's post-   Beaufort S.C.                                      [Date of examination.]
office address.
                   Injury of left thigh & disease of heart pains in both knees
Cause of disa-     small of back impaired right wrist bladder & pains in both
bility.            shoulders & rheumatism. He receives a pension of Eighth dollars per month.

Here give the   He makes the following statement in regard to the origin of his disabilities and date when first
claimant's
statement (as   discovered by him: That he is suffering with the above
briefly and as
compactly as    named disabilities & that he does not remember
possible) in re-
gard to the date the date of contraction
of origin and
cause of his dis-
abilities and
the manner in
which they
affect him.

   The outlines of the human skeleton and figure upon the back of this certificate should be used to indicate precisely the location
of a disease or injury, the entrance and exit of a missile, an amputation, etc.

                   Birthplace, Beaufort S.C. ; age, 55 years; height, 5-4 ;
                   weight, 130 pounds; complexion, black ; color of eyes, black ;
                   color of hair, gray ; occupation, farmer ; permanent marks and
                   scars other than those described below,

                   We hereby certify that upon examination we find the following objective conditions:
                   Pulse rate, 62 68 75 ; respiration, 18 18 18 ; temperature,             ;
                              [Sitting, standing, after exercise.]             [Sitting, standing, after exercise.]
Here give a full   Auscultation percussion palpation and inspection
description of
the disabilities,  reveal no disease of lungs
in accordance
with Book of
Instructions.      Upon examination of the heart there is intermission
                   of the second sound of the heart the action is increased
Facts within the   in force and frequency there are no murmurs or
knowledge of
the Board, or      other evidence of valvular disease there is a history
any member
thereof, rela-     of dyspnoea but no hypertrophy oedema or cyanosis
tive to the
cause of any       There is no increased area of dullness & the apex beat
disability
found should       is not displaced
be stated.
Whenever a disa-   There is evidence of a fracture of the left thigh there
bility is shown
or is believed     is considerable shortening of the limb and union is
to be due to or
aggravated by      not perfect the fracture is about the middle third
vicious habits
the opinion of     of the thigh the leg is about 1 1/2 inches shorter than
the board must
be stated.         its fellow of the opposite side.
When not due
to such habits     He complains of Rheumatism affecting the knees
this fact must
be stated.         & across the back there is lameness stiffness and
                   limitation of motion equal to 1/4 there is no con-
                   traction of muscles or tendons joints not men-
                   tioned are not affected pains in shoulders are
                   due to rheumatism
                   Weakness of bladder is due to enlargement of
                   the prostate gland.
                   We find that the aggregate permanent disability for
                   earning a support by manual labor is due to affection
When rates are
recommended        of the heart fracture of the thigh rheumatism & enlargement
solely on sub-
jective evi-       of prostate gland not due to vicious habits & warrants
dence the
strongest rea-     a rate of ten dollars a month
sons must be
given therefor.


                   H M Stuart, Pres. U. J. Kennedy, Sec'y. Levi Huffer, Treas.

   N. B.--Do not use backs of certificates for any purpose other than indicated by printed matter thereon.
When additional space is needed to complete report of examination use blank certificate (Old No. 3-111g.) properly
numbered, and attach it to the back and upper margin of this sheet. Marginal entries must never be made.
      6--552