3—111.

Attention is invited to the outlines of the human skeleton and figure upon the back of this certificate, and they should be used
whenever it is possible to indicate precisely the location of a disease or injury, the entrance and exit of a missile, an amputation, etc.
The absence of a member from a session of a board and the reason therefor, if known, and the name of the absentee, must be indorsed
upon each certificate.

Insert character      Increase                                  Pension Claim No. 598425
and number of         [State above whether for original, increase, or restoration.]
claim.                Isiah Brown                               , Rank, Private
Name and rank         
of claimant.          Company I, 33 Reg't U S C Inf             Beaufort S.C.         State,
                                                                [Post-office address of the Board.]
Claimant's post-      Beaufort S.C.                             Sept 15              , 1897
office address.                                                 [Date of examination.]

                We hereby certify that in compliance with the requirements of the law we have carefully
        examined this applicant, who states that he is suffering from the following disability, incurred
Cause of disa-  in the service, viz: Injury of left thigh & disease of
bility.         heart Rheumatism and disease of back

If a pensioner, fill and that he receives a pension of Eighth          dollars per month.
in the amount;
if not, erase the
whole line.     He makes the following statement upon which he bases his claim for Increase
                                                                                   [Original, increase, restoration, &c.]
Here give the   That He suffers with injury of left thigh
claimant's      & Rheumatism & disease of Heart
statement
as briefly and
as compactly
as possible.

                Upon examination we find the following objective conditions: Pulse rate, 72 ;
        respiration, normal ; temperature, normal ; height, 5 feet 4 inches; weight, 137
        pounds; age, 55 years. There is no Evidence of disease
                of lungs no rales upon auscultation of
Here give a full
description of  Heart there was a regurgitant murmur
the disabilities,
in accordance   heard best at or near apex & there is a
with Book of
Instructions.   history of vertigo dyspnoea & occasional
                palpitation we rate 8/18 He suffers
                with rheumatism affecting Shoulders &
                loins there is crepitus upon Enforced motion
                of Shoulder joints soreness & stiffness
                in these joints & limitation of motion
The actual or   Equal to 1/3 we rate 6/18 There is
probable origin
of every exist- Evidence of a fracture of the left femur
ing disability
must be fully   about midway the Shaft of the bone
set forth.
Whenever a disa-there is some deformity at point
bility is shown,
or is believed  of fracture & Shortening of leg Causing
to be due to or
aggravated by   a limp in walking for this we rate
vicious habits
the opinion of  8/18. There is no Evidence of disease
the board must
be stated.      of back other than mentioned above
When not due
to such habits  no rating. There is no Evidence of
this fact must
be stated.      vicious habits- Except as above no
                disability is found to Exist
Each disability
must be rated
separately, the
act of Congress
of March 2,
1895, requiring
"that the re-
port of such
examining
surgeons shall
specifically
state the rat-
ing which, in
their judg-
ment, the ap-
plicant is en-
titled to."

                W. P. Ellis, Pres. W. H. Kennedy, Sec'y. A. P. Prioleau, Treas.

N. B.—Always forward a certificate of examination whether a disability is found to exist or not. If
sufficient space is not afforded for the necessary statements called for, additional paper should be neatly
attached.                                                                                              6—552