                                                        3–155.

                                  SURGEON'S CERTIFICATE.

Insert character
and number of           Increase               Pension Claim No.       598,425
claim.             Isaiah Brown
Name of claim-                                                     } Address        Beaufort        P. O.
ant.               Company D 33 Reg't U.S.C. Inf                     of             S. C.           State.
                                                                     Board.
Claimant's post-         Beaufort S.C.                                        June 6      , 190 6
office address.                                                          [Date of examination.]
                   Rheumatism Lumbago impaired vision
Names of disa-     disease of bladder or kidney injury of left thigh                                Single surgeons will use this blank, changing "we" to read "I."
bilities.
                   disease of heart senile debility
                                             He receives a pension of                       dollars per month.

Here give the   He makes the following statement in regard to the origin of his disabilities and date when first
claimant's
statement (as   discovered by him: That he suffers with the above
briefly and as
compactly as    mentioned disabilities and that he does not
possible) in re-
gard to the date
of origin and   remember the date of contraction
cause of his dis-
abilities and
the manner in
which they
affect him.
                   Birthplace, Beaufort Co. S.C.; age, 62 years; height, 5, 4 ;
                   weight, 130 pounds; complexion, black ; color of eyes, black ;
                   color of hair, gray ; occupation, farmer ; permanent marks and
                   scars other than those described below,

                   We hereby certify that upon examination we find the following objective conditions:
                   Pulse rate, 68, 74, 78 ; respiration, 18, 18, 18 ; temperature, normal
                               [Sitting, standing, after exercise.]                [Sitting, standing, after exercise.]
                   Auscultation percussion palpation and in
Here give a full
description of     spection reveal no disease of lungs
the disabilities,
in accordance
with Book of       Upon examination of the heart there is in
Instructions,
and make a         termission after the second sound there
separate para-
graph for each
disability.        are no murmurs or other evidences of val
                   vular disease there is no hypertrophy but
                   there is a history of occasional palpitation
Facts within the   but no oedema or cyanosis
knowledge of
the Board, or      He complains of rheumatism affecting
any member
thereof, rela-
tive to the        the shoulders, hips and legs there is lameness
cause of any
disability         stiffness crepitus upon enforced motion of
found should
be stated.         shoulders wasting of muscles in gluteal re-
                   gion and limitation of motion equal to 1/4
                   There is no contraction of muscles or tendons
                   joints not mentioned are not affected
Whenever a disa-   Lumbago is due to rheumatism
bility is shown    An examination of the eyes Arcus senilis is                                      Marginal entries must never be made.
or is believed
to be due to or
aggravated by      well marked in both eyes test shows vision
vicious habits
the opinion of     in each eye separately equal to 15/20
the board must
be stated.
When not due       There is no evidence of disease of bladder
to such habits
this fact must     or kidney, urinalysis is as follows color
be stated.
                   yellow, reaction acid specific gravity 1012
                   no albumen or sugar
                   He suffers with enlargement of the prostate
                   gland and consequent retention of urine
                   He sustained a fracture of the left thigh in
                   the middle third and union was imperfect
                   there is considerable bowing the limb outward
                   and there is 3/4 of an inch shortening
                   There is no evidence of senile debility
When rates are     Though he does suffer with general debility due
recommended
solely on sub-     to disabilities mentioned above.
jective evi-
dence the          We find that the aggregate permanent disability for
strongest rea-
sons must be       earning a support by manual labor is due to
given therefor.
                   heart disease rheumatism enlarged prostate gland & fractured thigh
                   not due to vicious habits & warrants a rate of ten dollars a month
                   H M Stuart, Pres. W J Kennedy, Sec'y. [Signature], Treas.
                    6--552 a