——DECLARATION OF A——
Survivor : for : Service : or : Dependent : Pension.

Act of Congress approved June 27th 1890.

State of South Carolina , County of Beaufort , SS:
ON THIS 7 day of July A. D., 1890 ; personally appeared before
me, Clerk of the Circuit Court , a Court of Record
within and for the County and State aforesaid, Isaiah Brown ,
a resident of Coosaw , County of Beaufort ,
State of South Carolina, who, being duly sworn according to law, declares that he is
the identical Isaiah Brown who was enrolled at Port Royal S. C.
on or about the 31st day of November 1862 , in Company D of the
33rd Regiment of U. S. C. T. Vols., and was honorably discharged at
Morris Isl S. C.
Hilton Head S. C. , on the         day of             , 18   ,
that his personal description is as follows: Age, 40 years; height,        feet,
inches; complexion, dark ; hair, dark ; eyes, dark :
That he is 40 years of age, having been born at Port Royal Isl S C.
on the             day of             , 18   .
That he is dependent on his labor for a livelihood and is now         disabled from the
performance of such labor by reason of weakness in the back That said disabilities
are not due to his vicious habits and are to the best of his knowledge
X (    That he has not been employed in the military or naval service otherwise than as stated
& belief permanent
above.
Here state what the service was, whether prior or subsequent to that stated above, and the dates at which it began and ended.

That since leaving the service of the U. S. he has resided at Port Royal Island
S. C.
and his occupation has been that of a farmer . That prior to his entry into
the service above named he was a man of good, sound health, being when enrolled a farmer
He makes this declaration for the purpose of being placed on the pension roll of the United States, and
hereby appoints, with full power of substitution and revocation, R. B. DONALDSON & CO.,
OF WASHINGTON, D. C., his true and lawful attorneys to prosecute this claim. That he has
not received but applied for a pension. That his Post Office address is
Beaufort , County of Beaufort
State of S C.

Claimant's signature, Isaiah his x mark Brown

ATTEST, T. C. Scott
Thomas Givens

STAMPS
CLERK OF COURT BEAUFORT S.C.