No. 126
Declaration for Increase of Pension

Under the Acts of June 27, 1890, and May 9, 1900.

NOTE-This can be executed before any officer authorized to administer oaths for general purposes. If such officer
uses a seal, certificate of Clerk of Court is not necessary. If no seal is used, then such certificate must be attached.

State of South Carolina, County of Beaufort, ss:
ON THIS 21st day of July, A. D., one thousand 9 hundred and 3
personally appeared before me, a Notary Public within and for the County and State
aforesaid Isaiah Brown aged about 55 years, a resident of
Beaufort County of Beaufort State of
South Carolina, who, being duly sworn according to law, declares he is a pensioner of the
United States, enrolled at the Knoxville Pension Agency at the rate of 8
dollars per month, Certificate No. 598.425; by reason of disability from Partial inability
(Here name the disability for which pension was granted.)
to earn a support by manual labor

That he was a Sergeant in Co. H 33 Reg't U.S.C.T. Vols.
(Here state rank, company, and regiment, if in the army; vessel, if in the navy.)

That he believes himself to be entitled to an increase of pension on the ground that the rate allowed him is too low and
not commensurate with the extent of his present disability. He therefore requests that he be favored with another medi-
cal examination with the view of determining his right to $12 per month, the full rate allowed under the Act of June 27,
1890, as amended by Act of May 9, 1900.











That said disabilities are not due to his vicious habits, and are to the best of his knowledge and belief permanent.
He hereby appoints, with full power of substitution and revocation Edward S. Bailey
of Washington D.C , his true and lawful attorney , to prosecute his claim.
His Post-office address is P.O. Box 213 - Beaufort - S.C.

A. H. Johnson                                                his
                                                      Isaiah  x  Brown
Fredrick C. Christensen                                      mark
      (Two witnesses who write sign here.)                   (Signature of Claimant.)

STAMPS
ATTY FILED
PENSION U. S. C JUL 25 1903 OFFICE.