Declaration for Increase of Pension
Under the Act of June 27, 1890.

NOTE.—This can be executed before any officer authorized to administer oaths for general purposes. If such officer
uses a seal, certificate of Clerk of Court is not necessary. If no seal is used, then such certificate must be attached.

State of South Carolina , County of Beaufort , ss:
ON THIS 21st day of March A. D. one thousand eight hundred and 92
personally appeared before me, a Notary Public within and for the County and State
aforesaid, Isaiah Brown aged 46 years, a resident of
Beaufort Island County of Beaufort State of
South Carolina , who, being duly sworn according to law, declares he is a pensioner of the
United States, enrolled at the Knoxville, Tenn Pension Agency at the rate of eight
dollars per month, Certificate No. 598425 ; by reason of disability from injury of the
                                                               (Here name the disability for which pension was granted.)
left thigh and disease of the heart

That he was a Private in Co. D 33 Reg't U.S.C.I Vols.
(Here state rank, company, and regiment, if in the army; vessel if in the navy.)

That he believes himself to be entitled to an increase of pension on the ground that the rate allowed him is too low and not
commensurate with the extent of his present disability. He therefore requests that he be favored with another medical
examination with the view of determining his right to $12 per month, the full rate allowed under the Act of June 27, 1890.

That said disabilities are not due to his vicious habits, and are to the best of his knowledge and belief permanent.
He hereby appoints with full power of substitution and revocation, C. B. Donaldson & Co. of
Washington D.C. his true and lawful attorney , to prosecute his claim.
His Post Office address is Beaufort So. Ca.

A S Bascomb                                       Isaiah his X mk Brown
Peter Watson                                            (Signature of Claimant.)
(Two witnesses who can write, sign here.)

STAMPS
U. S. PENSION OFFICE MAR 26 1892