No. 126.                                                                                                                J
Declaration for Increase of Pension
Under the Act of June 27, 1890.

NOTE—This can be executed before any officer authorized to administer oaths for general purposes. If such officer
uses a seal, certificate of Clerk of Court is not necessary. If no seal is used, then such certificate must be attached.

State of South Carolina, County of Beaufort, ss:
ON THIS 4 day of May, A. D., one thousand eight hundred and 97
personally appeared before me, a Notary Public within and for the County and State
aforesaid Isaiah Brown aged 55 years, a resident of
Beaufort County of Beaufort State of
S. C., who, being duly sworn according to law, declares he is a pensioner of the
United States, enrolled at the Knoxville Pension Agency at the rate of 8
dollars per month, Certificate No. 598422 by reason of disability from Disease of back,
(Here name the disability for which pension was granted.)

That he was a Sgt. in Co. I 33 Reg't U. S. C. T. Vols.
(Here state rank, company, and regiment, if in the army; vessel, if in the navy.)

That he believes himself to be entitled to an increase of pension on the ground that the rate allowed him is too low and
not commensurate with the extent of his present disability. He therefore requests that he be favored with another medi-
cal examination with the view of determining his right to $12 per month, the full rate allowed under the Act of June 27,
1890.

That in addition to his old disability
he suffers from rheumatism of left
arm and left knee also fluttering of
heart

That said disabilities are not due to his vicious habits, and are to the best of his knowledge and belief permanent.
He hereby appoints, with full power of substitution and revocation Edw S Bailey
of Washington D C, his true and lawful attorney, to prosecute his claim.
His Post-office address is Beaufort S C

Wm Riddick                                                        his
                                                           Isaih x Brown
                                                                  (Signature of Claimant.)
Stephney Geddes                                                   mark
(Two witnesses who write sign here.)

STAMPS
Attorney Filed.