He further declares that he has been a practitioner of medicine for      5       years, and that
he has no interest, either direct or indirect, in the prosecution of this claim.

                                                      M. B. Cope M.D.
                                          Affiant's Signature. Give rank and service, if in the army.

Sworn to and subscribed before me, this   25   day of  February        , A. D. 1895
     and I hereby certify that the affiant is a practising physician in good professional standing ; that
     the contents of the above declaration, &c., were fully made known to him before swearing, in-
     cluding the words                                             erased, and the words
                                                                   added ; and
     that I have no interest, direct or indirect, in the prosecution of this claim.

                                                      S H Rodgers         (LS)
                                                           Official Signature.
[L. S.]                                               Trial Justice
                                                           Official Character.

     I,   S. J. Bampfield        , Clerk of the County Court in and for the aforesaid County
and State, do certify that   Saml H. Rodgers                    , Esq , who has signed his name
to the foregoing declaration affidavit was at the time of so doing   a Trial Justice
in and for said County and State, duly commissioned and sworn ; that all his official acts are entitled to
full faith and credit, and that his signature thereunto is genuine.

     Witness my hand and seal of office this     26th     day of   February          , 1895

                                                      S. J. Bampfield
[L. S.]                                  Clerk of the   Circuit Court.

     NOTE.—This can be executed before any officer authorized to administer oaths for general purposes. If such officer
uses a seal, certificate of Clerk of Court is not necessary. If no seal is used, then such certificate must be attached.


Act of June 27, 1890.
PHYSICIAN'S AFFIDAVIT.

CLAIM OF
Fredk Brown
Sargt Co D. 33 U.S. C. Inf
Nature of Claim  Pension
Soldier  Fredk Brown
Co.  D  ,   33rd   Reg't.     Vols.
No 789587

Filed by
E. A. Cratch
Beaufort So Ca

Sold by W. H. MOORE & Co., Box 606, Washington, D. C.

STAMPS
U. S. PENSION OFFICE FEB 27 1895
BOARD