Also personally appeared March Washington , residing at
Beaufort - S. C. , and
residing at , persons whom I certify to be respectable and entitled to credit, and
who being by me duly sworn, say that they were present and saw Isaiah Brown
(Name of Claimant.)
claimant, sign his name (or make his mark) to the foregoing declaration; that they have every reason to
believe from the appearance of said claimant and their acquaintance with him of         years and
         years, respectively, that he is the identical person he represents himself to be; and that
they have no interest in the prosecution of this claim.
March Washington
(If affiants sign by mark, two persons who write sign here.) (Signatures of Affiants.)

Sworn to and subscribed before me this 18 day of Oct , A. D. 190 6 , and
I do hereby certify that the contents of the above declaration, etc., were fully made known and explained to
the applicant and witnesses before swearing, including the words all erasures
all alterations erased, and the words
added; and that I have no interest, direct or indirect, in the prosecution of this claim.
W. B. Rivers
(Official Signature.)
[L. S.] Notary Public
(Official Character.)
my
commission expires at the pleasure
of the Gov. of S. C.

To be executed before a Court of Record or some officer thereof having custody of its seal, a
Notary Public, or Justice of the Peace, whose official signature shall be verified by his official seal, and
in case he has none, his signature and official character shall be certified by a Clerk of a Court of
Record or a City or County Clerk, unless such certificate is already on file in Pension Office, when such
fact should be stated.


Isaiah Brown
Soldier's Application
FOR INCREASE
Under the Acts of June 27, 1890, and May 9, 1900.
Sarah
Isaiah Brown , Applicant.
Co. I , 33rd Reg't
U. S. C. Inf. Vols.
Pension Certificate No. 598.425

FILED BY
C. M. Collin
W. H. L.

Printed and for sale by John F. Sheiry, City Blank Pub'r
Washington, D. C.


STAMPS
RECEIVED U.S. PENSION OFFICE Oct 20 1906
SOUTH DIV. OCT 26 1906
U. S. PENSION OFFICE OCT 26 1906