Inv. Orig. 1042730                        PHYSICIAN'S AFFIDAVIT.                                 8-30-91 Marsh

TAKE NOTICE.—This affidavit should, if possible, be in the handwriting of the affiant; the marginal instructions should
be carefully observed before writing out the statement. All the facts in possession of affiant as to the origin and continuance of
the disability should be fully set forth, and the dates of treatment should be specifically given. If the affidavit is prepared from
memoranda in possession of the physician, that fact should be stated.

State of South Carolina }
County of Beaufort    } SS.

In the Pension Claim No............................................
of....... Frederick Brown late .......................................................................... late of
Co D 33d Regt U.S.C.T.
Company and regiment of service, if in the army; or vessel and rank, if the navy.

Personally came before me a Pension Notary ......... in and for the aforesaid
(Official character of magistrate.)
County and State Miles B. Cope M.D. a citizen of Port Royal
in the County of....... Beaufort .................. and State of S. Ca.
well known to me to be reputable and entitled to credit, and who being duly sworn, declares in relation to the
aforesaid case as follows:
That he is a practising physician, and that he has been acquainted with said Soldier for about ....................
years, and that
(Here embody all the facts known to the affiant in accordance with the marginal instructions. No erasures

or interlineations will be permitted unless the magistrate certifies in his jurat that they were made before executing the paper.)

                             This is to certify that Frederick Brown
                             applied to me for examination, and
                             upon examination I find that he is
NOTES.                       suffering with Rheumatic trouble which
The Physician's              is affecting his Right side, principally arm
Affidavit should             and leg of side above mentioned. His neck
show the follow-             is considerably affected also. I have
ing facts:                   not known Fred but a bout one and one
1st. Whether or              half years, but have known him to be a
not he knew the              man of Moral habits, and free from
soldier prior to             practicing anything that would be in any
enlistment; the              way detrimental to his health. I have never
length of time he            given treatment for his trouble but have
has known him;               ben more as a neighbor. His disability
how intimately,              is a very considerable one, being at times
and what oppor-              unable to perform any kind of man
tunities he has              ual labor for support
had of observing                                      Miles B. Cope, M.D.
his physical con-
dition, whether
as his family
physician or as a
neighbor; and
how near he has
lived to him. If
he knew that the
soldier was a
sound man at
enlistment, he
should so state,
adding, if true,
that had he been
unsound he
would have
known it.
2d. If he treated
claimant while
in the service,
either as his reg-
imental surgeon
or while claim-
ant was home on
furlough, that
fact should be
stated. The
claimant's physi-
cal condition at
such times
should be clearly
shown, as well as
the nature of his
disability and
dates of treat-
ment.
3d. If he has
treated soldier
since discharge
he should so
state, giving the
date of his first
treatment; what
his physical con-
dition was at the
time, with a com-
plete diagnosis of
the disability;
the period during
which he treated
him should be
stated, with
dates, as near as
possible of the
prescriptions.
4th. The extent
to which claim-
ant has been able
to perform man-
ual labor since
discharge.

                                        4