Insert character
and number of
claim.           Increase                          Pension Claim No. 598425
                                                                              Brown              P. O.
Name of claim-   Isaiah Brown                                         Address }
ant.             Rank. Private Company F 33 Reg't USCV Inf               of   } South Carolina   State.
                                                                        Board }
Claimant's post- Beaufort S.C.                                                  Oct 25           , 189 9
office address.                                                                 [Date of examination.]
                 Injury of left thigh & disease of heart also old
Cause of disa-
bility.          age & disease of back rheumatism & debility
                                     He receives a pension of Eight dollars per month.

Here give the    He makes the following statement upon which he bases his claim for Increase
claimant's                                                                          [Original, increase, restoration, etc.]
statement (as    That he suffers with injury of left thigh
briefly and as
compactly as     disease of back heart & rheumatism
possible) in re-
gard to the ori-
gin of his disa-
bilities and the
manner in
which they
affect him.

  Attention is invited to the outlines of the human skeleton and figure upon the back of this certificate, which should be used to indicate
precisely the location of a disease or injury, the entrance and exit of a missile, an amputation, etc.

                 We hereby certify that upon examination we find the following objective conditions:
                 Pulse rate, 78 80 84, respiration, 18, 18, 19, temperature normal,
                             [Sitting, standing, after exercise.]             [Sitting, standing, after exercise.]
                 height, 5 feet 4 inches; actual weight, 133 pounds; age, 55 years.

Here give a full Auscultation & percussion reveal no disease of lungs
description of
the disabilities, no rating Upon Examination of the heart its
in accordance
with Book of     rhythm is regular There are no murmurs or
Instructions.
                 other Evidences of valvular disease There is no
                 hypertrophy, palpitation, dyspnoea oedema or Cya-
                 nosis no rating. There is Evidence of a fracture
                 of the left thigh midway between the hip &
The actual or
probable origin  knee The bone was badly united & there is con-
of every exist-
ing disability   siderable deformity & some shortening we rate
must be fully
set forth.       for injury to thigh 8/18 He suffers with
Whenever a disa-
bility is shown  rheumatism affecting left shoulder hip & knee
or is believed
to be due to or  There is crepitus upon enforced motion of
aggravated by
vicious habits   shoulder joints tenderness stiffness thickening
the opinion of
the board must   of fibrous structures & limitation of motion j
be stated.
When not due     equal to 1/4 in all the joints We rate 8/18
to such habits
this fact must   His age is not a disability no rating
be stated.
                 There is no evidence of disease of back no
Each disability
must be rated    rating There is no evidence of debility no
separately, the
act of Congress  rating There is no evidence of vicious
of March 2,
1895, requiring  habits Except as above no disability
"that the re-
port of such     is found The Act Amended Dec 7, 1879
examining
surgeons shall   There is convexity of the limb at the point of fracture
specifically
state the rat-   shortening is about 1 1/2 of an inch
ing which, in
their judg-
ment, the ap-
plicant is en-
titled to."

When rates are
recommended
solely on sub-
jective evi-
dence the
strongest rea-
sons must be
given therefor.


X     A P Prioleau, Pres. W J Hemmes, Sec'y. S B Tinkham, Treas.

  N. B.—Do not use backs of certificates for any purpose other than indicated by printed matter thereon.
When additional space is needed to complete report of examination use blank certificate (3—111 g) properly
numbered, and attach it to the back and upper margin of this sheet. Marginal entries must never be made.
     6—552