Origin of Disability.

(This affidavit must be executed by a Commissioned Officer. or First Sergeant of the soldier's Company, if possible. If not possible
to secure the testimony of such, then two other members of his Company should testify to the facts.)

State of South Carolina , County of Beaufort ss:

Personally appeared before me, a Notary Public , in and for the
County and State aforesaid, Frederick Brown , aged 52 years,
whose Residence and Post Office address is Port Royal S.C.

well known to me to be reputable and entitled to credit, and who being duly sworn, declares as follows:

That I was well acquainted with Moses Green - deceased - while he
belonged to Company D. , 33d Reg't., U.S. C.T. Vols.
and know that he, while in the line of his duty, at or near Hilton Head S C

on or about the day of July 1863, incurred disability as follows, viz:
This affiant states that he was first Sargent
(If a wound or injury, state the nature and location thereof, how and under what circumstances it was received, the part of the body wounded
of Co D. 33rd Regt U.S.C.T. That at the time
or injured, and all the circumstances attending it. If sickness, state under what circumstances contracted, what caused it, the name and nature of the
above stated he personally knew Moses Green
sickness, and how it affected him then, and thereafter during his service.)
to have been troubled with heart disease.
And was So affected from the same that he
could do but little duty, at times when
the attack came on him he has often
known him to fall to the ground as if
dead.

That I was then 2nd second Sergt of Co. D , 33rd Reg't., U S C T Vols.
Rank.
and the facts stated are personally known to me by reason of being in the company
(Here state whether affiant was with the command at the time the
and knowing the soldier for years before
soldier contracted the disability, or how his knowledge was otherwise obtained. All facts known to affiant relative to the soldier's medical treatment
we joined the army.
for his disability while in the service should be stated, giving time and place as nearly as possible.]

orig

STAMPS
PENSION OFFICE
LAW DIV.
EXAMINER