Affidavit.

State of South Carolina, County of Beaufort ss:

In the Claim of Patty Haywood, wid'w of Moses Green
Co D 33d USCT

ON THIS 7th day of Feby, A.D. 1896,
before me, a Notary Public, in and for the aforesaid County,
duly authorized to administer oaths, personally appeared Oscar Williams
2 aged 47 years, a resident of Beaufort, in the County of
X Beaufort, and State of South Carolina whose Post Office address is
Beaufort and Charles Grant
aged 65 years, a resident of Beaufort, in the County of
Beaufort, and State of South Carolina whose Post Office address is
Beaufort South Carolina. well known to me to be respectable
and entitled to credit, and who being duly sworn, declare in relation to aforesaid case as follows:
That they live a Near Neighbor to
the soldier Moses Green from their
boyhood and had full opportunity to
know all about him as to his
service. he never did serve Neither
in the army or Navy of the U S until
he enlisted in Co D. 33d U.S.C.T.
that he the soldier Moses Green never
serve in any service since his
discharge from the said Co D
33 Regt U S.C.T

no pr serv
no sub serv

The above testimony was all written by R. H. Greaves. Notary Public
                                               State by whom written.
in our present and from our oral statements to him then made on the 7th day of
  if in "your presence," so state.      If from your "oral statements," so state.
Feby, 1896, at or near Beaufort, and that we were not prompted
                       Town or City and State.                    If "not prompted by any printed
by any written or printed or any other person
or written statement of any other person" so state; but, if so prompted, state that fact, and attach such other statement to this affidavit.

We further declare that we have no interest in said claim, and are not concerned in its prosecution.

Henry Grayson                                 Oscar his X mark Williams
Theodore W Batheuse                           Charles Grant
If affiants sign by mark, two persons who can write sign here.    Signature of Affiants.