Affidavit.

State of South Carolina, County of Beaufort ss:
In the Claim of Patty Haymond - widow of Moses
Green Co. B 33d U.S.C.T.
ON THIS 7 day of Feby, A. D. 1897,
before me, a Notary Public in and for the aforesaid County,
duly authorized to administer oaths, personally appeared James White
aged 70 years, a resident of Port Royal, in the County of
Beaufort, and State of South Carolina, whose Post Office address is
Port Royal Sc and Isiah Brown
aged 55 years, a resident of Port Royal, in the County of
Beaufort Sc., and State of South Carolina, whose Post Office address is
Beaufort Sc., well known to me to be respectable
and entitled to credit, and who being duly sworn, declare in relation to aforesaid case as follows:
       Isiah Brown and I know
James White swair saith that Moses
Green and his wife Patty All of my
Life and known them before they
were Married and sinc they Married
Live about 1/4 of a Myle from me up to the
date of mose Green death. moses Green
died Feby 7th 1879 and before he died he
and his wife Patty have 4 children by name
John Green Rebecca Johnson Jimmy - and
Molley Jimmy died march 1879 still living
John Green Rebecca and Molley and All Children
the above name Mention of moses Green was
under 16 years of age at their fathers - death
John Born Apriel 30th 1867 and was 12 years old When
his farther died Rebecca Born March 11th 1869.
molley was not Born when her farther died
molley Born the Last of april
1879 and we know these fact
Because we live near Each other
and Molley Born the last
Sunday of apriell 1879

We further declare that we have no interest, either direct or indirect, in the prosecution of said claim.
Peter Watson                           James his X mark White
Benjamin Heywood                       Isiah his X mark Brown
If either affiant signs by mark, two persons who can write sign here.    signature of affiants.
                                       D of d.
                                       Jimmy dead
                                       John Rebecca + mollie living.

STAMPS
U. S. PENSION OFFICE FEB 23 1899