Affidavit.

State of South Carolina, County of Beaufort ss:

In the Claim of Patty Haywood Widow of
Moses Green, Co D, 33" U. S. C. T
ON THIS 19th day of August, A. D. 1893,
before me, a Notary Public, in and for the aforesaid County,
duly authorized to administer oaths, personally appeared Richard Scott
aged 65 years, a resident of Paris Island in the County of
Beaufort and State of So. Ca. whose Post Office address is
Port Royal, S. C. and Peter Watson
aged 57 years, a resident of St Helena Island in the County of
Beaufort, and State of So. Ca., whose Post Office address is
Frogmore, So. Ca., well known to me to be respectable
and entitled to credit, and who being duly sworn, declare in relation to aforesaid case as follows:
That they are well and personally
Affiants should here state all the facts material to the case known to them, and how their knowledge thereof has been obtained.
acquainted with Patty Haywood Widow of
Moses Green, and her two children John
and Rebecca, and see them one or more
times each week, and know that the
said children John and Rebecca
are not dead but are living near their
Mother Patty Haywood at Port Royal,
in the County of Beaufort, and State of
South Carolina. That they know
of the above facts from their own
personal knowledge, and from
long, and continued acquaintance
and association up to date.
                                   Living

The above testimony was all written by R. F. Greaves
                                                                                                  State by whom written.
in our presence and from our oral statement
                If in "your presence," so state.                                                   If from your "oral statements," so state.
to him then made, on the 19th day of Aug, 1893, and that we were not prompted
                                                                                                                                              If "not prompted by any printed
by any written or printed statement of any person
or written statement of any other person "so state; but if so prompted, state that fact, and attach such other statement to this affidavit.

We further declare that we have no interest in said claim, and are not concerned in its prosecution.

J R Reed                                                                                                          his
R. F. Greaves                                                                             Richard X Scott
If affiants sign by mark, two persons who can write sign here.                                          mark
                                                                                                        Peter Watson
                                                                                                        Signature of Affiants.

STAMPS
R. F. GREAVES NOTARY PUBLIC SOUTH CAROLINA