Affidavit.

State of South Carolina, County of Beaufort ss:
In the Claim of Patty Haywood widow of
Moses Green, Co. D. 33" U.S.C.T.
ON THIS 20th day of April, A. D. 1899,
before me, a Notary Public, in and for the aforesaid County,
duly authorized to administer oaths, personally appeared James White
aged 73 years, a resident of Port Royal Island S C, in the County of
Beaufort, and State of South Carolina, whose Post Office address is
Port Royal S. C. and T. C. Wallace
aged 47 years, a resident of Port Royal Island S.C,, in the County of
Beaufort, and State of South Carolina, whose Post Office address is
Port Royal S. C,, well known to me to be respectable
and entitled to credit, and who being duly sworn, declare in relation to aforesaid case as follows:
They were near neighbors of the decased
Affiants should here state all the facts material to the case known to them, and how their knowledge thereof has been obtained.
soldier and Claimant all the soldier life
time from the date of his discharge to the
date of his death in the month of Feby 1879.
and know Claimant and all her children
and date of their birth, The following
Name Children were under 16 years on
the date their Father ^Moses Green^ died Feby 1879. death of same
John Green Born April 1868. }
Rebecca Green Born Sept 1870 }
James Green Born in 1875. and died in march 1879.
One month after the death of his Father Moses Green.
That Molsey Green Born, May 18th 1879. Three births
Months after the death of her Father. John Green,
Rebecca Green, and Molsey Green are still living living
and living on Port Royal Island S. C. in the
County of Beaufort South Carolina. all of their
Post office is Port Royal S.C. and Affiants
see them almost daily. They gain their
knowledge of all the above facts from
living on the place, ~~as~~ the Claimant and
all her children and are neighbors to them
all,

We further declare that we have no interest, either direct or indirect, in the prosecution of said claim.
Saml Gillison                                   James his X mark White
W. H. Greaves                                   T. C. Wallace
If either affiant signs by mark, two persons who can write sign here.               Signature of affiants.

[STAMPS]
PENSION U. S. MAY 6 1899 OFFICE