Affidavit.

State of South Carolina, County of Beaufort ss:

In the Claim of Patty Haywood, widow of
Moses Green, Co "H" 33" U.S.C.T.

ON THIS 26 day of Aug, A. D. 1899,
before me, a Notary Public, in and for the aforesaid County,
duly authorized to administer oaths, personally appeared Clarasa Teen
aged 55 years, a resident of Port Royal, in the County of
Beaufort, and State of South Carolina, whose Post Office address is
........................................................................, and Luke Wright
aged 52 years, a resident of Beaufort Island, in the County of
Beaufort, and State of S. C. , whose Post Office address is
Beaufort S. C., well known to me to be respectable
and entitled to credit, and who being duly sworn, declare in relation to aforesaid case as follows:
Affiants should here state all the facts material to the case known to them, and how their knowledge thereof has been obtained.
That they have been acquainted with Patty
Haywood the claimant and her late
husband 35 and 40 years respectively, and
that they have known them to live together
as husband and wife, and that the said
Patty Haywood and Moses Green have never
been divorced from each other from the time
of their marriage until the day of the
death of Moses Green. That Affiants made
this affidavit orally to R. F. Greaves at Beaufort
S.C. on the 27th of Aug 1899 and were not
aided by any written or printed statement
whatever.
no divorce

The above testimony was all written by James Day
State by whom written.
in our presence and from our statement to him then made on the 27 day of
If in "your presence," so state.     If from your "oral statements," so state.
Aug 1899, at or near Beaufort, and that we were not prompted
Town or city and State.          If "not prompted by any printed or written
By any printed or written statement
statement of any other person" so state; but, if so prompted, state that fact, and attach such other statement to this affidavit.

We further declare that we have no interest in said claim, and are not concerned in its prosecution.

Franklin Greaves                                   Clarasa his + mark Teen
Peter Watson                                       Luke his + mark Wright
If affiants sign by mark, two persons who can write sign here.    Signature of Affiants.