                                Affidavit.

State of South Carolina, County of Beaufort ss:

     In the Claim of Patty Hayward widow of
     Moses Green Co D 33" U.S.C.T.

     ON THIS 16 day of May, A. D. 1899,
before me, a Notary Public, in and for the aforesaid County,
duly authorized to administer oaths, personally appeared Cain Carter
aged 56 years, a resident of Port Royal Island, in the County of
Beaufort, and State of South Carolina, whose Post Office address is
Port Royal So. Ca. and Paul Barnwell
aged 57 years, a resident of Port Royal Island, in the County of
Beaufort and State of South Carolina whose Post Office address is
Port Royal South Carolina well known to me to be respectable
and entitled to credit, and who being duly sworn, declare n relation to aforesaid case as follows:
That they were acquainted with the soldier
     (Affiants should here state all the facts material to the case known to them, and how their knowledge thereof has been obtained.)
Moses Green, before he went into the service
and while in the service from date of enlistment
until his discharge, That since his discharge
they lived a near neighbor to him and visited
him in his sickness off and on until his
death. That he first contracted heart trouble
in the service and the same continued
on him, and caused his death on - of Feby 1879
The symptoms of his heart trouble are as follows:
pains in his chest, swelling, and pain in the side
and shoulders, and weakness, and swiming in the
head, beeting of the heart. They were both
members of the same Regt. Mr Paul Barnwell
of Co. F. 33rd and Cain Carter Co. C. 33rd Regt.
That they attended his funeral.

     (Here state by whom, when and where the above testimony was written; whether in the presence of the witnesses, and from their oral state-
ments only; and whether they were prompted by any printed or written statement or recital prepared or dictated by any other person, and not
attached as an exhibit.)
     We further declare that we have no interest in said claim, and are not concerned in its prosecution.
R. H. Greene                                      Cain his x mark Carter
J. D. Washington                                  Paul Barnwell
(If affiants sign by mark, two persons who can write sign here.)               Signature of Affiants.
                                                  Origin heart disease

STAMPS
PENSION U S OFFICE MAY 24 1899