POWER OF ATTORNEY.

Know all men by these presents, that I, Patty Haywood
Post-Office address, Beaufort, S. C
have made, constituted and appointed, and by these presents do make, constitute and appoint—
                        NATHAN BICKFORD, of Washington, D. C.
my true and lawful attorney for me in my name, place and stead, with full power of substitution, and revocation, hereby
annulling and revoking all former Powers of Attorney and authorizations, whatsoever in the premises, to prosecute my
pending claim for Widow's Pension under Any law
number ______ widow of Moses Green
Co. D. 33, regt.
and also to complete any claim left pending by
soldier at his death number
    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have hereunto set my hand this 5th day of May, 1914.
                                                       her
                                                 Patty  X  Haywood
                                                      mark
                                                  Claimant's Signature.

Two attesting witnesses who can }  W. H. Shepherd
write their names are required. }  Nettie Killingsworth

State of South Carolina, County of Beaufort, ss:
    Be it known, That on this 5th day of May, 1914, before me, the
undersigned, Notary Public in and for said County and State, personally
appeared Patty Haywood, to me well known to be the identical person who
executed the foregoing POWER OF ATTORNEY, and the same having been first read over to--------and the contents
thereof duly explained, acknowledged the same to be her free act and deed.  I certify that I have no interest,
present or prospective, in this claim.
    In testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my hand and affixed my seal of office, the day and year last
above written.
                                                Jas. M. Crofut
    [L. S.]                                         Official Signature.
                                                Notary Public
                                                    Post-Office Address.
This Power of Attorney may be executed within the limits of his jurisdiction, before any officer who is authorized by law
                            to administer oaths for general purposes.


STAMPS:

ATTORNEY FILED
JAN [illegible]
LAW DIVISION.

Validity accepted
as to execution
Walter Streeter
Chief Law Division.
per Healy