I hereby certify that the within named Affiant is personally known
to me that to the best of my knowledge and belief He is a creditable
person.
Jas M Crofut
Pension Notary

GENERAL AFFIDAVIT.

State of S. C., County of Beaufort, ss:

In the matter of, Susan Jones widow of Jacob Jones
late of Co H 33d Reg't U.S.C. Inf. Vols

Personally came before me, a Pension Notary in and for aforesaid County
and State, Robert Goodwin, aged 52 years
citizen of the town of Beaufort
                 Post-Office address.                       Give Street and No. if in city or town.
County of Beaufort, and State of South Carolina

well known to me to be reputable and entitled to credit, and who, being duly sworn, declares in relation to
aforesaid case, as follows: Am acquainted with Susan Jones
who is the widow of Jacob Jones. Was in the same regiment
with him, he enlisted in the 1st S. C. Vols in October 1862
[NOTE.—Affiants should state how they gain a knowledge of the facts to which they testify.]
that regiment was disbanded and changed to 33d U. S. C. Inf
did not serve in any other companies except H - 1st S. C. & H. 33d
He and Susan lived together as husband and wife and
were so recognized by the whole community; were never
divorced and she has not re-married. She has no property
except about four acres of land and a little house of one room.
She plants the land but can not get a living from it. She has
two children living with her, William and Jacob. The
girl Elizabeth went to Savannah to try and make a
living. Do not know the age of William but Jacob
was born in July 1883. I know his age because my
mother died just first day of the next January.
The above affidavit was written in my presence by
E. A. Crofut at Beaufort S. C. December 31st 1895 from
oral statements made by myself not aided or
prompted by any written or printed statement or
recital prepared or dictated by any other person. I
know the facts from personal acquaintance of many years.
live on the same plantation and see the parties every day.

I further declare that I have no interest in said case, and am not con-
cerned in its prosecution.

                                                          Robert Goodwin
I ...........................................................
                                                          Signature of Affiant.
2 ...........................................................

NOTE.—In the execution of evidence, two persons who can write must attest the signature by signing their
names opposite.

no pr serv - no div - wid - dep - birth Jacob

STAMPS
U.S. PENSION OFFICE JAN 17 1896