DECLARATION FOR WIDOW'S PENSION.
ACT OF JUNE 27, 1890.

To be executed before a Court of Record or some Officer thereof having custody of its Seal, or a Notary Public, or a Justice of the Peace,
whose Official Signature shall be verified by his own Official Seal, if he has one, or by the proper Clerk, under Seal.

State of South Carolina, County of Beaufort, ss:

On this 22nd day of July, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and ninety
                         Pension Notary
personally appeared before me, a
                                    Mrs Susan Jones
within and for the county and State aforesaid,
aged about 60 years, a resident of the island of Port Royal (Edgerly Pln)
county of Beaufort, State of South Carolina, who, being duly sworn
according to law, declares that she is the widow of Jacob Jones, who enlisted
under the name of Jacob Jones, at Camp Saxton near Beaufort
on the 1st day of March, A. D. 1863, in Co H - 1st Reg't S.C.
Vols (33rd U.S.C.T.), re-enlisted in Co H. 33rd
Reg't U.S.C.T.

and served at least ninety days in the service of the United States in the late War of the Rebellion, who was
honorably discharged February 28th 1866, and died May 15th 1890.
That she was married under the name of Susan Haynes to said
Jacob Jones, before the war, forget date,
by Deacon Dick Nelson, at Red House, Port Royal Isld there being no legal
barrier to said marriage.
       If there was a former marriage of claimant or her husband, state it here and how dissolved.

That she has not remarried since the death of the said Jacob Jones.

That she is without other means of support than her daily labor; that names and dates of birth of all the
children now living under sixteen years of age of the soldier are as follows:
Elizabetta, born Dec 6, 1878
William, born April 10, 1880
Jacob, born July 15, 1882

That she has heretofore applied for pension and the number of her former application is

That she makes this declaration for the purpose of being placed on the pension-roll of the United States under
the provisions of the Act of June 27, 1890.

She hereby appoints, with full power of substitution and revocation, E. G. Bofill
of Beaufort Beaufort Co
State of South Carolina, her true and lawful attorney to prosecute her claim, and to receive therefor
a fee of ten dollars; that her post-office address is Beaufort
county of Beaufort, State of South Carolina
                                                            her
                                                      Susan  x  Jones
                                                            mark
                                                      Claimant's signature
Attest: 1 Paul Somes
          Robert Goodwin