INABILITY AFFIDAVIT.
To be executed only by the Claimant.

State of S. C., County of Beaufort, ss:
In the matter of Susan Jones., Pension Claim, No. 451,053, of
widow of Jacob Jones Co H. 33rd Reg't U.S.C. Inf'y
ON THIS 8th day of May, A. D. 1894, personally appeared before me, a
Pension Notary in and for the aforesaid County, duly authorized to administer oaths,
Susan Jones the claimant a resident of Port Royal Island in the County
of Beaufort, and State of S. C., whose Post Office address is
Beaufort, Beaufort Co. S. C., well known to me to be reputable and
entitled to credit, and who, being duly sworn, declares in relation to the aforesaid case as follows: That she is
unable to comply with the requirements of the Pension Office as to dates of birth of
children except that already furnished,
which was copied from the Family Bible.

for the reason that she had no physician when they
were born; had a midwife named Phebe
Haines with me when all three were born.
She died when Jacob was about six months
old. Jacob Jones, their father, wrote the
dates in our Family Bible, but the
Bible was destroyed by the storm of
last August, and she has no other
record.

That he is unable to prove his condition from date of discharge up to the year .................. by medical testimony
for the reason that .....
The above affidavit was written in my
presence by C. A. Crofut at Beaufort S.C.
May 8th 1894 from oral statements made
by myself not aided or prompted by any
written or printed statement or recital
prepared or dictated by any other person.

SHe respectfully requests that the testimony of above written
..................................................be accepted in lieu of that required
by the Department.

Anna Scott
Lucy Kitchen                                                her
(If affiants sign by mark, two persons who can write sign here.)             Susan X Jones
                                                           mark
                                                  (Signature of Affiant.)

inability to prove births +

STAMPS
PENSION OFFICE
MAY 11 1894
U S