I hereby certify that the within named affiants are personally
known to me and that to the best of my knowledge and
beleif they are credible persons C. H. Bofill Pension Notary

GENERAL AFFIDAVIT.

State of S.C. , County of Beaufort , ss:
In the matter of Susan Jones widow of
Jacob Jones, Sergeant Co H - 33rd Reg't U.S.C. Inf

Personally came before me, a Pension Notary in and for aforesaid County
and State, Susan Jones the claimant , aged 65 years
citizen of the town of Beaufort
Post-Office address. Give Street and No. if in city or town.
County of Beaufort , and State of S. C.

well known to me to be reputable and entitled to credit, and who, being duly sworn, declare in relation to
aforesaid case, as follows: Jacob Jones, my husband,
enlisted in Co H - 1st S. C. Vols, and re-
[NOTE.—Affiants should state how they gain a knowledge of the facts to which they testify.]
enlisted in Co. H - 33rd Reg't U.S.C. Inf. Vols.
Never served in other regiments.
He could read and write, and put down
our children's names in the Bible. The
bible was destroyed in the big storm of
1893. The water was over a foot deep in
our house. The house blew down and was
washed away by the tide. I have no way
of knowing the children's ages, except Robert
Goodwin's affidavit about Jacob, the youngest.
The above affidavit was written in my presence
by C. H. Bofill at Beaufort S. C. January 7th 1896
from orall statements made by myself not aided
or prompted by any written or printed statement
or recital prepared or dictated by any other person,

further declare that........................no interest in said case, and........................not con-
cerned in its prosecution.

H. D. Lawrence                                  her
Anna Scott                         {  Susan X Jones
                                                mark
                                        Signature of Affiant.

NOTE.—In the execution of evidence, two persons who can write must attest the signature by signing their
names opposite.
no other service      6

STAMPS
U. S. PENSION OFFICE JAN 17 1896