GENERAL AFFIDAVIT.

State of South Carolina, County of Beaufort, ss:
In the matter of Susan Jones widow Jacob Jones
Serg't Co. H-133d U.S.C.T.
Personally came before me, a Pension Notary in and for aforesaid County
and State, Robert Frazier, aged 39 years
and William Stewart, aged 40 years
citizen s of the Town of Edgerly near Beaufort County of Beaufort, State of
So Ca Post-Office address,
........................................., well known to me to be reputable and entitled to credit, and who,

being duly sworn, declare in relation to aforesaid case, as follows:

            Have known Jacob and Susan Jones since
lived to-   I was a child. They lived together as
gether as   husband and wife and were so recognized
husband     by the church, the neighbors, and the
wife &      whole community where they resided.
so recog-   They have six children living, three
nized       girls and three boys Lydia, Hagar,
            Edmund, Elizabeth, William and Jacob.
            They had others but they are dead.
            She has not remarried since Jacob died
wid         nor lived with any man as his wife.
            She has lived at Edgerly (Red House)
            plantation with her children and carried
            on a small farm of about ten acres.
            She owns a little house and about twenty
dep.        acres of land, but can hardly make a
            living; has to work hard to get along.
            We know these facts from living neighbor
            to her and see her and her children
            every day.

We further declare that we have no interest in said case, and are not con-
cerned in its prosecution.
1 Clara Gadsden                      }       Robert Frazier
2 Ida Bell Piney                     }       William Stewart
                                            Signature of Affiants.

NOTE.—In the execution of papers and evidence, whenever a person or witness signs by mark, (†,) two persons who
can write must attest the signature by signing their names opposite.
The official before whom papers are executed is not a competent witness to a mark.

13

STAMPS
[Faint circular stamp: U.S. PENSION OFFICE]