I hereby certify that the within named affiants are personally known
to me and that to the best of my knowledge and belief they are creditable
persons.
Jas. M. Crofut Pension Notary

GENERAL AFFIDAVIT.

State of S. C. , County of Beaufort , ss:
In the pension claim of Susan Jones widow of Jacob
Jones late of Co K 103rd Reg't U. S. C. Inf Vols

Personally came before me, a Pension Notary in and for the aforesaid County
[Notary, Justice or Clerk of Court.]
and State, Jane Smalls and Sophie Williams, aged 65 + 45 years
citizen of the town of Beaufort County of Beaufort , State of
South Carolina , well known to me to be reputable and entitled to credit, who
being duly sworn, declare in relation to aforesaid case, as follows: We are well ac-
quainted with Susan Jones, widow of Jacob Jones;
[NOTE.—Affiants should state how they gain a knowledge of the facts to which they testify.]
have known them both since they were chil-
dren: were all raised on the same place.
Were not present at the marriage but know
that they lived together as husband and wife
and were so recognized by the whole community
of neighbors and friends; they were never divorced
and she has not remarried since his death.
She has no money and owns a few acres of land,
which she tries to plant but can not get a living
from it. The house is a very small one has only
one room. The three children for whom she claimed
pension money are all living. Elizabeth has gone to
Savannah to try and earn her living, her mother
can not support her. William and Jacob are with
their mother. We know these facts from long per-
sonal acquaintance, are neighbors of Susan Jones
and see her very often. Do not know the children's ages.
The above affidavit was written in our presence
by E. A. Crofut at Beaufort S. C. December
27th 1895 from oral statements made by
ourselves not aided or prompted by any written
or printed statement or recital prepared or dictated
by any other person.

That their Post-Office address is Beaufort , State of South Carolina
and they further declares that they has no interest in said claim and is not concerned in its prosecution.

ATTEST:
1 M S Crofut
2 Anna Pratt

her
Jane X Smalls
mark

her
Sophie X Williams
mark
Signature of Affiant.

NOTE.—In the execution of evidence, two persons who can write must attest the signature by signing their
names opposite.

Cohab - no div - wid - children liv
12          Cred ok

STAMPS
U.S. PENSION OFFICE
JAN
17
1896