I. O. No. 1424,473.......                                 ..Civil War...... Division.
Benjamin Legree.........                                  Sec.G-GWP/GWL
now known as
Ben Williams..........             3—389
Co.B.103 USC.Inf.        DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
                             BUREAU OF PENSIONS
                                  WASHINGTON, D. C., September 13, 191 6.
SIR: Please answer, at your earliest convenience, the questions enumerated below. The information
is requested for future use, and it may be of great value to your widow or children. Use the inclosed
envelope, which requires no stamp.
                                  Very respectfully,
                                                GM Saltzgaber
                                                          Commissioner.

        Mr Ben Williams
        C/o Rev. William H. Paden
        Adams Run,
              South Carolina.

FOLD | HERE.

(Born)
No. 1. Date and place of birth? Answer. Born about 1840 at Potter, S.C.
        The name of organizations in which you served? Answer. I served in the Civil War in
        Co. B. 103 U.S.C. Inf. as Sergeant over 2 1/2 yrs.
No. 2. What was your post office at enlistment? Answer. Hilton Head and Beaufort S.C.
No. 3. State your wife's full name and her maiden name. Answer. Lucy Legaree or Lucy Legree maiden
(Lucy Legree was also the maiden name)
No. 4. When, where, and by whom were you married? Answer. In 1875 Lucy, my first wife died to
whom I was married in 1862 by Rev. Elser at Slons Bluffs
no children by Lucy.
No. 5. Is there any official or church record of your marriage? There was no written record
If so, where? Answer. given us slaves in those days and none was then given to me

FOLD | HERE.

No. 6. Were you previously married? If so, state the name of your former wife, the date of the marriage, and the date and place of her
        death or divorce. If there was more than one previous marriage, let your answer include all former wives. Answer. I was
not previously married before marrying Lucy Legree
my last or second wife was Lily Green to whom
I was married in 1884 and she died in 1899 leaving
two legitimate sons to us, Eddy now 21 yrs. and
Daniel now 15 yrs. to whom I was married by magistrate y
No. 7. If your present wife was married before her marriage to you, state the name of her former husband, the date of such marriage,
        and the date and place of his death or divorce, and state whether he ever rendered any military or naval service, and, if so,
        give name of the organization in which he served. If she was married more than once before her marriage to you, let your
        answer include all former husbands. Answer. my last wife Lily Green had
been married to one Sancho Green who had
himself died before I married her and he never
was a soldier. He died at Slans Bluff S.C.
by drowning, being a farmer.                              no Legaree
No. 8. Are you living with your wife? Answer. She is dead
If there has been a separation
        give date of same. Answer. only separated by death in 1899.

FOLD | HERE.

No. 9. State the names and dates of birth of all your children, living or dead. Answer. Eddy now 21 yrs.,
born in 1895.
Daniel now 15 yrs. born in 1899 was also
given the name of Daniel after my son Daniel who died
One Daniel died, being born about 1887.
Isabella died, being born about 1889.
Only four (4) children in all, two living
now and two dead.

Date Sept 15, 1916.
                                          his
                                    Ben X Williams
                                          or
                              (Signature) Ben X Legaree
                                         mark
                                                      6-272
                                                 Per

STAMPS:
CIVIL WAR DIVISION SEP 22
U.S. PENSION OFFICE SEP 21 1916