KFV
LAW DIVISION.                                          3-879
H A n
No. 1424 473                 DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR
Ben Legaree alias Williams              BUREAU OF PENSIONS
Co. B , 103 Reg't USCT                       WASHINGTON
C. W. Div                                                        191__

Mr Ben Williams
    Care of Rev. Wm. H. Paden
                Adams Run,                    For DC
Sir:                  South Carolina

    In the above-entitled claim for pension, there is required a certificate as to the genuineness
of the signature of O. W. Mellard or Mellard and showing his official
character on July 20, 1916, as a Magistrate in and for
the county of Charleston, State of South Carolina. The
certificate must be attested by the clerk of the county, or a court of record, or by the officer
whose duty it is to keep the records, and must bear the impress of the seal of the attesting
officer. If the dates of commencement and expiration of the term of office of the above-named
officer are given in the certificate, it will be placed on file for future reference, and papers
executed before him during the term of office indicated therein may then be accepted without
the filing of a certificate in each case.
    If, for any reason, a complete certificate can not be made, you should so state, returning
this circular.
                                Very respectfully,
                                                G M Saltzgaber
6—2694                                              Commissioner.


ACT APPROVED MAY 11, 1912.
That any person who served ninety days or more in the military or naval service of the United States during the late Civil War,
who has been honorably discharged therefrom, and who has reached the age of sixty-two years or over, shall, upon making proof of
such facts, according to such rules and regulations as the Secretary of the Interior may provide, be placed upon the pension roll and
be entitled to receive a pension as follows: In case such person has reached the age of sixty-two years and served ninety days, thirteen
dollars per month; six months, thirteen dollars and fifty cents per month; one year, fourteen dollars per month; one and a half
years, fourteen dollars and fifty cents per month; two years, fifteen dollars per month; two and a half years, fifteen dollars and fifty
cents per month; three years or over, sixteen dollars per month. In case such person has reached the age of sixty-six years and
served ninety days, fifteen dollars per month; six months, fifteen dollars and fifty cents per month; one year, sixteen dollars per
month; one and a half years, sixteen dollars and fifty cents per month; two years, seventeen dollars per month; two and a half
years, eighteen dollars per month; three years or over, nineteen dollars per month. In case such person has reached the age of seventy
years and served ninety days, eighteen dollars per month; six months, nineteen dollars per month; one year, twenty dollars per
month; one and a half years, twenty-one dollars per month; two years, twenty-three dollars per month; two and a half years, twenty-four
dollars per month; three years or over, twenty-five dollars per month. In case such person has reached the
age of seventy-five years and served ninety days, twenty-one dollars per month; six months, twenty-two dollars and fifty cents per
month; one year, twenty-four dollars per month; one and a half years, twenty-seven dollars per month; two years or over, thirty
dollars per month. That any person who served in the military or naval service of the United States during the Civil War and
received an honorable discharge, and who was wounded in battle or in line of duty and is now unfit for manual labor by reason
thereof, or who from disease or other causes incurred in line of duty resulting in his disability is now unable to perform manual labor,
shall be paid the maximum pension under this Act, to wit, thirty dollars per month, without regard to length of service or age.
That any person who has served sixty days or more in the military or naval service of the United States in the War with Mexico
and has been honorably discharged therefrom, shall, upon making like proof of such service, be entitled to receive a pension of thirty
dollars per month.
All of the aforesaid pensions shall commence from the date of filing of the applications in the Bureau of Pensions after the passage
and approval of this Act: Provided, That pensioners who are sixty-two years of age or over, and who are now receiving pensions under
existing laws, or whose claims are pending in the Bureau of Pensions, may, by application to the Commissioner of Pensions, in such
form as he may prescribe, receive the benefits of this Act; and nothing herein contained shall prevent any pensioner or person
entitled to a pension from prosecuting his claim and receiving a pension under any other general or special Act: Provided, That no


3-014.     ACT OF MAY 11, 1912.

No Claim as B
U.S.C.
no claim B

           CLAIM FOR PENSION.
           Certificate No. ........................

           Name, Ben x his mark Legaree (or Ben x his mark Williams
           Service, Seargent in Company B
           of U.S. 103 Regiment
           P.O. Adams Run, S.C.
           c/o Rev. Wm H. Paden,
               Presbyterian Pastor.

                                          INSTRUCTIONS.
                                          This form may be used for original pension or increase
                                          of pension.
                                          Declaration and testimony in support of same to be
                                          executed before some officer of a court of record having
                                          custody of its seal, a notary public, justice of the peace,
                                          or other officer authorized to administer oaths for gen-
                                          eral purposes. If such officer is not required by law to
                                          have and use a seal, his official character, signature, and
                                          term of office must be certified by the proper State,
                                          county, or city officer under his official seal, unless such
                                          certificate has been filed in the Bureau of Pensions for
                                          general reference.


STAMPS
CIVIL WAR
SEP 11 1916
DIVISION
AUG 3 0 1916
Certificate on file to cover
date. Feby 23, 1915, &
11, 1917,
Chief, Law Division
U. S. PENSION OFFICE
SEP 7 1916
LAW DIV.
JUL 25 1916
RECEIVED
RECORD DIVISION
JUL 26 1916