NOTICE TO CLAIMANT.

THIS CONTRACT IS PERMISSIBLE UNDER THE LAW, BUT NOT COMPULSORY.

READ THE FOLLOWING COPY OF THE STATUTE.


Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled. ***

     Sec. 3. That section 4785 of the Revised Statutes is hereby re-enacted and amended so as to read as follows:

     "Sec. 4785. No agent or attorney or other person shall demand or receive any other compensation for his services in
prosecuting a claim for pension or bounty land than such as the Commissioner of Pensions shall direct to be paid to him, not ex-
ceeding $25; nor shall such agent, attorney, or other person demand or receive such compensation, in whole or in part, until such
pension or bounty land claim shall be allowed: Provided, that in all claims allowed since June 20, 1878, where it shall appear to
the satisfaction of the Commissioner of Pensions that the fee of $10, or any part thereof, has not been paid, he shall cause the
same to be deducted from the pension, and the pension agent to pay the same to the recognized attorney."

     Sec. 4. That section 4786 of the Revised Statutes is hereby amended so as to read as follows:

     "Sec. 4786. The agent or attorney of record in the prosecution of the case may cause to be filed with the Commissioner of
Pensions duplicate articles of agreement, without additional cost to the claimant, setting forth the fee agreed upon by the parties,
which agreement shall be executed in the presence of and certified by some officer competent to administer oaths. In all cases
where application is made for pension or bounty land, and no agreement is filed with the Commissioner, as herein provided,
the fee shall be $10, and no more. And such articles of agreement as may hereafter be filed with the Commissioner of Pensions
are not authorized, nor will they be recognized except in claims for original pension, claims for increase of a pension on account
of a new disability, in claims for restoration where a pensioner's name has been or may hereafter be dropped from the pension-rolls
on testimony taken by a special examiner, showing that the disability or cause of death on account of which the pension was al-
lowed did not originate in the line of duty, and in cases of dependent relatives whose names have been or may hereafter be
dropped from the rolls on like testimony, upon the ground of non-dependence, and in such other cases of difficulty and trouble as
the Commissioner of Pensions may see fit to recognize them; provided, that no greater fee than $10 shall be demanded, received,
or allowed in any claim for pension or bounty land granted by special act of Congress, nor in any claim for increase of pension
on account of the increase of the disability for which the pension had been allowed: And provided further, That no fee shall be
demanded, received, or allowed in any claim for arrears of pension or arrears of increase of pension allowed by any act of
Congress passed subsequent to the date of the allowance of the original claim in which such arrears of pension or of increase
of pension may be allowed."

     And if in the adjudication of any claim for pension in which such articles of agreement have been or may hereafter be filed,
it shall appear that the claimant had, prior to the execution thereof, paid to the attorney any sum for his services in such claim, and
the amount so paid is not stipulated therein, then every such claim shall be adjudicated in the same manner as though no
articles of agreement had been filed, deducting from the fee of $10 allowed by law such sum as claimant shall show that he has
paid to his attorney.

     Any agent or attorney or other person instrumental in prosecuting any claim for pension or bounty land, who shall directly or
indirectly contract for, demand, or receive, or retain any greater compensation for his services or instrumentality in prosecuting a claim
for pension or bounty land than is herein provided, or for payment thereof at any other time or in any other manner than is herein
provided, or who shall wrongfully withhold from a pensioner or claimant the whole or any part of the pension or claim allowed
and due such pensioner or claimant, or the land-warrant issued to any such claimant, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and
upon conviction thereof shall for every such offense be fined not exceeding $500 or imprisoned at hard labor not exceeding two
years, or both, in the discretion of the court.

     Approved July 4, 1884.

          BOTH FORMS SHOULD BE EXECUTED AND RETURNED



755 / 8

5M. 3-10-1917
Please execute and Return BOTH copies.
Power of Attorney and Fee Agreement.

No. 1424473

CLAIM OF
Ben Williams

Co. B. 103rd Reg't U. S. Col'd
Inf. Vols.

For Pension.

FILED BY
Wm. FLETCHER & CO.
PENSION AND CLAIM ATTORNEYS,
WASHINGTON, D. C.


[STAMPS]
RECEIVED
APR 8 1924
S. E. B. FILES