I. O. 1424473                                         Atlanta, Ga.
Ben Williams                                          June 21, 1924.
alias Benjamin Legare              *
B, 103 U. S. C. Inf.               *
P.O: Box 8,                        *
Adams Run, S. C.                   *
************************

The Commissioner of Pensions:

          Herewith are returned all papers in the above cited claim
for pension, together with my report.

          Claim was referred to the field to determine whether claimant
is identical with the soldier of record and came to this district
for the initial examination.

          Notice of special examination was served on the claimant and
his rights and privileges fully and carefully explained to him,
all of which he waived.

          Claimant bears a good reputation but he is very old and he
has hardly any mind at all. It was almost impossible to get a
statement of any kind from him owing to his mental condition.
I was nearly three hours getting the short and unsatisfactory
statement that I did get. He started off pretty good but in a
few minutes he began to mumble and chuckle to himself and he did
not appear to understand what it was all about. It seems from what
he says that he did serve in the Army as he names some of his of-
ficers and gives some of the stations of his company. He insists
that he was acting as First Sergeant at one time but I very much
doubt that as he cannot read or write. He declares that the reg-
iment was in a fight at Honey Hill and that one of the officers
was killed there, he thinks it was Colonel Bogart. The history
of the regiment with the case says nothing about any fight that
the regiment had so it was impossible to verify this. Claimant
says that he enlisted in the winter and was mustered out in the
spring a little over a year later. This agrees with the War
Department records of the soldier.

          Claimant says that Elijah Williams was his brother and served
with him. He says Elijah has been dead about 10 years and that
he died in Savannah. Claimant could tell nothing of Murray Le-
gare or Legree and no one around Adams Run could tell me anything
about him. He may have been a brother of claimant and he has
forgotten him as he has nearly everything else. Claimant was not
able to name anyone who knew he was in the service. I spent the
balance of the day after interviewing claimant in questioning the
people around Adams Run but none of them was able to tell me any-
thing about claimant's service. He has told everybody that he
was in the Army and that is all they know about it. Rev. Paden
is a colored minister highly respected among both white and colored
and he says that claimant has been telling him of his service
ever since he first knew him some 17 years ago. Rev. Paden says
claimant was formerly able to tell a great deal about it but his
mind gets woese and worse until now he has forgotten nearly all
of it. Claimant has no home and lives around wherever anybody will
take him in. He works a little rolling barrels for the potato
packers but he is really supported by charity.

Page 5