Sworn to and subscribed before me this day by the above-named affiant ; and I certify that I read
said affidavit to said affiant     , and acquainted  him  with its contents before  he  executed the same.
I further certify that I am in nowise interested in said case, nor am I concerned in its prosecution; and
that said affiant   is     personally known to me; that   he   is    credible person   and so reputed in
the community in which   he  resides
                      Witness my hand and official seal this      1      day of     June       189 1
                                                     Sign here   E G Strobel
                                                                 Notary Public
ADD SEAL HERE.

This can be executed before any officer authorized to administer oaths for general purposes. If such officer uses a
seal, certificate of Clerk of Court is not necessary; if no seal is used, then such certificate must be attached.
Write an affidavit just as you would write a letter, stating all the facts, circumstances, dates and places as near as you
can remember, and if of your own personal knowledge and observation, and state how you know what you say to be true





No. 899,167
~~GENERAL~~ AFFIDAVIT.
Claimants

CASE OF
Lucius Robinson
late Priv Co K 34th U.S.C.T.

                    FOR
          Pension
          Act June 27th 1890

                                        AFFIDAVIT OF
                                        Lucius Robinson
                                        Claimant
                                        Reply to Call # 3

                                                          FILED BY
                                                          E. A. Crofut
                                                          Beaufort S. C.

                                                          and Sold by W. H. MOORE & Co., Box 696,
                                                                           Washington, D. C.


STAMPS
PENSION
U S
OFFICE
JUN
6
1891