ACT OF JUNE 27, 1890.

DECLARATION FOR INVALID PENSION.

To be executed before any Officer anthorized to administer oath.

State of South Carolina , County of Colleton , ss:
On this 4 day of May , A. D. one thousand eight hundred and ninety-
Four , personally appeared before me, a Notary Public
within and for the County and State aforesaid, Lucius Robinson
age               years, a resident of Green Pond , County
of Colleton , State of S. C.
who, being duly sworn according to law, declares that he is the identical Lucius Robinson
who was ENROLLED on the                                    day
of                  , 18      , in Co "G" 34" U.S.C.T.
(Here state rank, company and regiment in Military service, or vessel, if in the Navy.)

in the war of the rebellion, and served at least ninety days, and was HONORABLY DISCHARGED at
                                 , on the               day of                , 18      . That he
is                  unable to earn a support by reason of Rheumatism, Pains in body,
General Debility and enlarged prostrate gland
(Here name the disease or injuries from which disabled.)
                                That said disabilities are not due to his
vicious habits, and are, to the best of his knowledge and belief, permanent. That he has
applied for pension under application No.                 That he is a pensioner under Certificate No.
693,997
(If a pensioner, the Certificate number only need be given. If not, give the number of the former application, if one was made.)

That he makes this declaration for the purpose of being placed on the pension roll of the United States, under
the provisions of the Act of June 27, 1890.
He hereby appoints with full power of substitution and revocation,
Mosher Bros.
O. P. G. CLARKE & CO., of WASHINGTON, D. C.,
his true and lawful attorneys, to prosecute his claim, and to receive therefore a fee of $10.00. That his POST-
OFFICE ADDRESS is Green Pond , County of Colleton , State
of S. C.
1 C. M. Grace                                                Lucius his X mark Robinson
                                                                    (Claimant's signature.)
2 J. Melvin Lawton
(Two witnesses who write sign here.)

STAMPS
U. S. PENSION OFFICE JUN 1 1894