(3—111.)

Attention is invited to the outlines of the human skeleton and figure upon the back of
this certificate, and they should be used whenever it is possible to indicate precisely the location
of a disease or injury, the entrance and exit of a missile, an amputation, &c.
The absence of a member from a session of a board and the reason therefor, if known, and
the name of the absentee, must be indorsed upon each certificate.

Insert character
and number of       Act of June 27-90       Pension Claim No. 693997
claim.              [State above whether for original, increase, or restoration.]
Name and rank       Lucius Robinson                             Rank, Priv.
of claimant.
                    Company G, 34 Reg't U S C I , Charleston S C, State,
                                                    [Post-office address of the Board.]
Claimant's post-    Green Pond, Colleton Co,            Feby, 28,       1894
office address.         So Ca,                      [Date of examination.]

  We hereby certify that in compliance with the requirements of the law we have carefully
examined this applicant, who states that he is suffering from the following disability, incurred
Cause of disa-  in the service, viz.: Rheumatism, pains in body &
bility.                               General debility

If a pensioner, fill
in the amount;  and that he receives a pension of           six           dollars per month.
if not, erase the
whole line.       He makes the following statement upon which he bases his claim for Act of June 27 90
                                                                      [Original, increase, restoration, &c.]

Here give the
claimant's      He complains of swimming in the head, of pains
statement
as briefly and  all over the body, of difficulty in passing water
as compactly
as possible.    & a burning sensation at the same time.
                He also has pains in the knees & joints

  Upon examination we find the following objective conditions: Pulse rate, 66 ;
respiration, 26 ; temperature, 98.5 ; height, 5 feet 6 inches; weight, 160
pounds; age, 66 years.

Here give a full
description
the disabilities, We find some atheroma of the vessels. The gait
in accordance
with Book of      indicates feebleness & advanced age.
Instructions.
                  There is no enlargement or tenderness - in fact nothing
                  abnormal about any of the joints or muscles of the body.

                  We find by rectal examination an enlarged prostate
                  about the size of a hens egg.

                  The urine is normal.

                  We find no other lesions of any of the organs of
                  the body.

                  Except as above all organs are normal & no
                  other disabilities are found to exist.

                                              He is, in our opinion, entitled to a pension
Rate for EACH
cause of disa-  rating for the disability caused by above                   , for that caused
bility.
                by                          , and                       , for that caused by
                in a degree equivalent to the loss of a hand or foot for manual labor.
                W. R. Hutson Pres. Edw. F. Parker, Sec'y. J. N. Roberts, Treas.

  N. B.—Always forward a certificate of examination whether a disability is found to exist or not.
          (7567—200,000.)  6—552


STAMPS
BOARD OF EXAMINING SURGEONS EDISTO