ACT OF JUNE 27, 1890.

DECLARATION FOR INVALID PENSION.
To be executed before any Officer authorized to administer oath.

State of South Carolina, County of Colleton

On this 12th day of April, A. D. one thousand eight hundred and ninety-
three, personally appeared before me, a Sandy Brown & Coffe Bolus
within and for the County and State aforesaid, Lucus Robinson
age           years, a resident of Green Pond - Colleton, County
of                                 , State of South Carolina
who, being duly sworn according to law, declares that he is the identical Lucus Robinson
who was ENROLLED on the                                                 day
of about June, 1863, in Co. G. 34th U S C T
(Here state rank, company and regiment in Military service, or vessel, if in the Navy.)

in the war of the rebellion, and served at least ninety days, and was HONORABLY DISCHARGED at Jacksonville
Fla, on the                                  day of March, 1866. That he
is                  unable to earn a support by reason of Rheumatism, Pains in
body and General debility
(Here name the disease or injuries from which disabled.)

That said disabilities are not due to his
vicious habits, and are, to the best of his knowledge and belief, permanent. That he has 
applied for pension under application No.                     . That he is a pensioner under Certificate No.
693,997
(If a pensioner, the Certificate number only need be given. If not, give the number of the former application, if one was made.)

That he makes this declaration for the purpose of being placed on the pension roll of the United States, under
the provisions of the Act of June 27, 1890.
He hereby appoints, with full power of substitution and revocation,
Proctor Bros.
~~O. P. G. CLARKE & CO.~~, of WASHINGTON, D. C.,
his true and lawful attorneys, to prosecute his claim, and to receive therefore a fee of $10.00. That his POST-
OFFICE ADDRESS is Green Pond, County of                                , State
of S C
                                                        his
                                                Lusas    X    Robison
                                                        mark
                                                (Claimant's signature.)
1 Sandy Brown
          his
2 Coffe  X  Bolus
          mark
(Two witnesses who write sign here.)

STAMPS
U. S. PENSION OFFICE APR 29 1893